ludziach	człowiek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludziach	człowiek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludzi	człowiek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzi	człowiek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludzi	człowiek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzi	człowiek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludzie	człowiek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	człowiek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludzie	człowiek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	człowiek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludzie	człowiek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	człowiek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludzie	człowiek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	człowiek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludziom	człowiek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludziom	człowiek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludźmi	człowiek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmi	człowiek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lepsi	dobry:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lepsza	dobry:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lepszą	dobry:a	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lepszą	dobry:a	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lepsze	dobry:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lepsze	dobry:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lepsze	dobry:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lepsze	dobry:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lepszego	dobry:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lepszego	dobry:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lepszej	dobry:a	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lepszej	dobry:a	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lepszej	dobry:a	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lepszemu	dobry:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lepszych	dobry:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lepszych	dobry:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lepszych	dobry:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lepszy	dobry:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lepszy	dobry:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lepszym	dobry:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lepszym	dobry:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lepszym	dobry:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lepszymi	dobry:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lepiej	dobrze	adv:com		
labach	laba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laba	laba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labami	laba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labą	laba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labę	laba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labie	laba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labie	laba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lab	laba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labo	laba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labom	laba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laby	laba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laby	laba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laby	laba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laby	laba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
labadziarach	labadziara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziara	labadziara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziarami	labadziara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziarą	labadziara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziarę	labadziara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziar	labadziara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziaro	labadziara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziarom	labadziara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziary	labadziara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziary	labadziara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziary	labadziara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziary	labadziara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziarze	labadziara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labadziarze	labadziara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
labarach	labarum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labara	labarum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labara	labarum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labara	labarum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarami	labarum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarom	labarum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarów	labarum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarum	labarum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarum	labarum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarum	labarum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarum	labarum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarum	labarum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarum	labarum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labarum	labarum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labdanum	labdanum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyce	labelistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyce	labelistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistykach	labelistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyka	labelistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistykami	labelistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyką	labelistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistykę	labelistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyki	labelistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyki	labelistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyki	labelistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyki	labelistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyk	labelistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistyko	labelistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labelistykom	labelistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laber	laber	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laber	laber	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrach	laber	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrami	laber	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrem	laber	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrom	laber	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrowi	laber	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrów	laber	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labru	laber	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labry	laber	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labry	laber	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labry	laber	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrze	laber	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labrze	laber	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labecie	labet	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labecie	labet	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labetach	labet	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labeta	labet	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labeta	labet	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labetami	labet	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labetem	labet	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labet	labet	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labetom	labet	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labetowi	labet	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labetów	labet	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labety	labet	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labety	labet	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labety	labet	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labializacjach	labializacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacja	labializacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacjami	labializacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacją	labializacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacje	labializacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacje	labializacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacje	labializacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializację	labializacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacji	labializacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
labializacji	labializacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacji	labializacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacji	labializacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacjo	labializacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacjom	labializacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labializacyj	labializacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
labializować	labializować	inf:imperf		
labializowaliby	labializować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
labializowalibyście	labializować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
labializowalibyśmy	labializować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
labializowali	labializować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
labializowali	labializować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
labializowaliście	labializować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
labializowaliśmy	labializować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
labializowałaby	labializować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
labializowałabym	labializować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
labializowałabyś	labializować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
labializowała	labializować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
labializowała	labializować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
labializowałam	labializować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
labializowałaś	labializować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
labializowałby	labializować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
labializowałbym	labializować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
labializowałbyś	labializować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
labializowałem	labializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
labializowałeś	labializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
labializował	labializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
labializował	labializować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
labializowałoby	labializować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
labializowałobym	labializować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
labializowałobyś	labializować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
labializowało	labializować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
labializowało	labializować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
labializowałom	labializować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
labializowałoś	labializować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
labializowałyby	labializować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
labializowałybyście	labializować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
labializowałybyśmy	labializować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
labializowały	labializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
labializowały	labializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
labializowałyście	labializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
labializowałyśmy	labializować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
labializowana	labializować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
labializowaną	labializować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
labializowanego	labializować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
labializowanego	labializować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializowanej	labializować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
labializowane	labializować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializowane	labializować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializowanemu	labializować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializowaniach	labializować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowania	labializować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowania	labializować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowaniami	labializować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowanie	labializować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowaniem	labializować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowani	labializować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labializowaniom	labializować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowaniu	labializować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labializowano	labializować	imps:imperf		
labializowanych	labializować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labializowanych	labializować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializowany	labializować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
labializowany	labializować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
labializowanymi	labializować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializowanym	labializować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializowanym	labializować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializowań	labializować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labializująca	labializować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
labializującą	labializować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
labializującego	labializować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
labializującego	labializować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializującej	labializować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
labializujące	labializować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializujące	labializować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializującemu	labializować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializując	labializować	pcon:imperf		
labializująco	labializować	pacta		
labializujących	labializować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labializujących	labializować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializujący	labializować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labializujący	labializować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
labializujący	labializować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
labializującymi	labializować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializującym	labializować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labializującym	labializować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labializują	labializować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
labializujcie	labializować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
labializujecie	labializować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
labializuje	labializować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
labializujemy	labializować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
labializujesz	labializować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
labializuję	labializować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
labializuj	labializować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
labializujmy	labializować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
labialnościach	labialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialnościami	labialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialnością	labialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialności	labialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialnościom	labialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialność	labialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialność	labialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labialna	labialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labialną	labialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labialną	labialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labialnego	labialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labialnego	labialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labialnej	labialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labialnej	labialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labialnej	labialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labialne	labialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labialne	labialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labialne	labialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labialne	labialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labialnemu	labialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labialni	labialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labialno	labialny	adja		
labialnych	labialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labialnych	labialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labialnych	labialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labialny	labialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labialny	labialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labialnymi	labialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labialnym	labialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labialnym	labialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labialnym	labialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labidząca	labidzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
labidzącą	labidzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
labidzącego	labidzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
labidzącego	labidzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labidzącej	labidzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
labidzące	labidzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labidzące	labidzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labidzącemu	labidzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labidząc	labidzić	pcon:imperf		pot.
labidząco	labidzić	pacta		
labidzących	labidzić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labidzących	labidzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labidzący	labidzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labidzący	labidzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
labidzący	labidzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
labidzącymi	labidzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labidzącym	labidzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labidzącym	labidzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labidzą	labidzić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
labidzeniach	labidzić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzenia	labidzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzenia	labidzić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzeniami	labidzić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzenie	labidzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzeniem	labidzić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzeniom	labidzić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzeniu	labidzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzeń	labidzić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labidzę	labidzić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
labidzicie	labidzić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
labidzić	labidzić	inf:imperf		pot.
labidzi	labidzić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziliby	labidzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
labidzilibyście	labidzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
labidzilibyśmy	labidzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
labidzili	labidzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
labidzili	labidzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziliście	labidzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziliśmy	labidzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziłaby	labidzić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłabym	labidzić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziłabyś	labidzić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziła	labidzić	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
labidziła	labidzić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłam	labidzić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziłaś	labidzić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziłby	labidzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłbym	labidzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziłbyś	labidzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziłem	labidzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziłeś	labidzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
labidził	labidzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
labidził	labidzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłoby	labidzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłobym	labidzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziłobyś	labidzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziło	labidzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
labidziło	labidzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłom	labidzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziłoś	labidzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziłyby	labidzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłybyście	labidzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziłybyśmy	labidzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
labidziły	labidzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
labidziły	labidzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
labidziłyście	labidzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
labidziłyśmy	labidzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
labidzimy	labidzić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
labidzisz	labidzić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
labidzono	labidzić	imps:imperf		pot.
labidźcie	labidzić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
labidź	labidzić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
labidźmy	labidzić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedząca	labiedzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
labiedzącą	labiedzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
labiedzącego	labiedzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
labiedzącego	labiedzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzącej	labiedzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
labiedzące	labiedzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labiedzące	labiedzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzącemu	labiedzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labiedząc	labiedzić	pcon:imperf		pot.
labiedząco	labiedzić	pacta		
labiedzących	labiedzić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labiedzących	labiedzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labiedzący	labiedzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labiedzący	labiedzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
labiedzący	labiedzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
labiedzącymi	labiedzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labiedzącym	labiedzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labiedzącym	labiedzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzą	labiedzić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedzeniach	labiedzić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzenia	labiedzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzenia	labiedzić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzeniami	labiedzić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzenie	labiedzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzeniem	labiedzić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzeniom	labiedzić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzeniu	labiedzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzeń	labiedzić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labiedzę	labiedzić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedzicie	labiedzić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedzić	labiedzić	inf:imperf		pot.
labiedzi	labiedzić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziliby	labiedzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedzilibyście	labiedzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedzilibyśmy	labiedzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedzili	labiedzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
labiedzili	labiedzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziliście	labiedzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziliśmy	labiedzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziłaby	labiedzić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłabym	labiedzić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziłabyś	labiedzić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziła	labiedzić	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
labiedziła	labiedzić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłam	labiedzić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziłaś	labiedzić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziłby	labiedzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłbym	labiedzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziłbyś	labiedzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziłem	labiedzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziłeś	labiedzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedził	labiedzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
labiedził	labiedzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłoby	labiedzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłobym	labiedzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziłobyś	labiedzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziło	labiedzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
labiedziło	labiedzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłom	labiedzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziłoś	labiedzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziłyby	labiedzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłybyście	labiedzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziłybyśmy	labiedzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedziły	labiedzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
labiedziły	labiedzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
labiedziłyście	labiedzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedziłyśmy	labiedzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedzimy	labiedzić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
labiedzisz	labiedzić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedzono	labiedzić	imps:imperf		pot.
labiedźcie	labiedzić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedź	labiedzić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
labiedźmy	labiedzić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
labilnie	labilnie	adv:pos		
labilnościach	labilność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilnościami	labilność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilnością	labilność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilności	labilność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilnościom	labilność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilność	labilność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilność	labilność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labilna	labilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labilną	labilny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labilną	labilny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labilnego	labilny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labilnego	labilny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labilnej	labilny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labilnej	labilny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labilnej	labilny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labilne	labilny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labilne	labilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labilne	labilny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labilne	labilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labilnemu	labilny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labilni	labilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labilno	labilny	adja		
labilnych	labilny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labilnych	labilny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labilnych	labilny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labilny	labilny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labilny	labilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labilnymi	labilny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labilnym	labilny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labilnym	labilny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labilnym	labilny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiodentalnościach	labiodentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalnościami	labiodentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalnością	labiodentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalności	labiodentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalnościom	labiodentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalność	labiodentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalność	labiodentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiodentalna	labiodentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labiodentalną	labiodentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labiodentalną	labiodentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labiodentalnego	labiodentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labiodentalnego	labiodentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiodentalnej	labiodentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labiodentalnej	labiodentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labiodentalnej	labiodentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labiodentalne	labiodentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiodentalne	labiodentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiodentalne	labiodentalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labiodentalne	labiodentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labiodentalnemu	labiodentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiodentalni	labiodentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labiodentalno	labiodentalny	adja		
labiodentalnych	labiodentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labiodentalnych	labiodentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiodentalnych	labiodentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiodentalny	labiodentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labiodentalny	labiodentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labiodentalnymi	labiodentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiodentalnym	labiodentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiodentalnym	labiodentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiodentalnym	labiodentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiowelarnościach	labiowelarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarnościami	labiowelarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarnością	labiowelarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarności	labiowelarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarnościom	labiowelarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarność	labiowelarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarność	labiowelarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiowelarna	labiowelarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labiowelarną	labiowelarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labiowelarną	labiowelarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labiowelarnego	labiowelarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labiowelarnego	labiowelarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiowelarnej	labiowelarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labiowelarnej	labiowelarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labiowelarnej	labiowelarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labiowelarne	labiowelarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiowelarne	labiowelarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiowelarne	labiowelarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labiowelarne	labiowelarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labiowelarnemu	labiowelarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiowelarni	labiowelarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labiowelarno	labiowelarny	adja		
labiowelarnych	labiowelarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labiowelarnych	labiowelarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiowelarnych	labiowelarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiowelarny	labiowelarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labiowelarny	labiowelarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labiowelarnymi	labiowelarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiowelarnym	labiowelarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiowelarnym	labiowelarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiowelarnym	labiowelarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryncie	labirynt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryncie	labirynt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntach	labirynt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntami	labirynt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntem	labirynt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labirynt	labirynt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labirynt	labirynt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntom	labirynt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowi	labirynt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntów	labirynt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntu	labirynt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labirynty	labirynt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labirynty	labirynt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labirynty	labirynt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalnościach	labiryntalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalnościami	labiryntalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalnością	labiryntalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalności	labiryntalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalnościom	labiryntalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalność	labiryntalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalność	labiryntalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntalna	labiryntalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labiryntalną	labiryntalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labiryntalną	labiryntalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labiryntalnego	labiryntalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labiryntalnego	labiryntalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryntalnej	labiryntalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labiryntalnej	labiryntalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labiryntalnej	labiryntalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labiryntalne	labiryntalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntalne	labiryntalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntalne	labiryntalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labiryntalne	labiryntalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labiryntalnemu	labiryntalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryntalni	labiryntalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labiryntalno	labiryntalny	adja		
labiryntalnych	labiryntalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labiryntalnych	labiryntalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntalnych	labiryntalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntalny	labiryntalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labiryntalny	labiryntalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labiryntalnymi	labiryntalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntalnym	labiryntalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntalnym	labiryntalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryntalnym	labiryntalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryntodoncie	labiryntodont	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodoncie	labiryntodont	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodontach	labiryntodont	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodonta	labiryntodont	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodonta	labiryntodont	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodontami	labiryntodont	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodontem	labiryntodont	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodont	labiryntodont	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodontom	labiryntodont	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodontowi	labiryntodont	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodontów	labiryntodont	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodonty	labiryntodont	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodonty	labiryntodont	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntodonty	labiryntodont	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowcach	labiryntowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowca	labiryntowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowca	labiryntowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowcami	labiryntowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowce	labiryntowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowce	labiryntowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowce	labiryntowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowcem	labiryntowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowcom	labiryntowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowcowi	labiryntowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowców	labiryntowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowcu	labiryntowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowcu	labiryntowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowiec	labiryntowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowościach	labiryntowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowościami	labiryntowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowością	labiryntowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowości	labiryntowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowościom	labiryntowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowość	labiryntowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowość	labiryntowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labiryntowa	labiryntowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labiryntową	labiryntowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labiryntową	labiryntowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labiryntowego	labiryntowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labiryntowego	labiryntowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryntowej	labiryntowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labiryntowej	labiryntowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labiryntowej	labiryntowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labiryntowe	labiryntowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntowe	labiryntowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntowe	labiryntowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labiryntowe	labiryntowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labiryntowemu	labiryntowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryntowi	labiryntowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labiryntowo	labiryntowy	adja		
labiryntowych	labiryntowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labiryntowych	labiryntowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntowych	labiryntowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntowy	labiryntowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labiryntowy	labiryntowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labiryntowymi	labiryntowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntowym	labiryntowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labiryntowym	labiryntowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labiryntowym	labiryntowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laboga	laboga	interj		gwar.|pot.
laboranccy	laborancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laborancka	laborancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laborancką	laborancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laborancką	laborancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laboranckich	laborancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laboranckich	laborancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboranckich	laborancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboranckiego	laborancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laboranckiego	laborancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laboranckiej	laborancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laboranckiej	laborancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laboranckiej	laborancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laboranckie	laborancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laboranckie	laborancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laboranckie	laborancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laboranckie	laborancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laboranckiemu	laborancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laborancki	laborancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laborancki	laborancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laboranckimi	laborancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboranckim	laborancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboranckim	laborancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laboranckim	laborancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laborancko	laborancki	adja		
laborancku	laborancki	adjp		
laborancko	laborancko	adv:pos		
laboranckościach	laboranckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckościami	laboranckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckością	laboranckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckości	laboranckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckościom	laboranckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckość	laboranckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboranckość	laboranckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborancie	laborant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborancie	laborant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laboranci	laborant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laboranci	laborant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborantach	laborant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laboranta	laborant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laboranta	laborant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborantami	laborant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborantem	laborant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborant	laborant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborantom	laborant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborantowi	laborant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborantów	laborant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laborantów	laborant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laboranty	laborant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laboranty	laborant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laborantce	laborantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantce	laborantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantek	laborantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantkach	laborantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantka	laborantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantkami	laborantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantką	laborantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantkę	laborantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantki	laborantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantki	laborantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantki	laborantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantki	laborantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantko	laborantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laborantkom	laborantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoriach	laboratorium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoria	laboratorium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoria	laboratorium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoria	laboratorium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoriami	laboratorium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoriom	laboratorium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoriów	laboratorium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratorium	laboratorium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratorium	laboratorium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratorium	laboratorium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratorium	laboratorium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratorium	laboratorium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratorium	laboratorium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratorium	laboratorium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjnie	laboratoryjnie	adv:pos		
laboratoryjnościach	laboratoryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjnościami	laboratoryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjnością	laboratoryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjności	laboratoryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjnościom	laboratoryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjność	laboratoryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjność	laboratoryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laboratoryjna	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laboratoryjną	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laboratoryjną	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laboratoryjnego	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laboratoryjnego	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laboratoryjnej	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laboratoryjnej	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laboratoryjnej	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laboratoryjne	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laboratoryjne	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laboratoryjne	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laboratoryjne	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laboratoryjnemu	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laboratoryjni	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laboratoryjno	laboratoryjny	adja		
laboratoryjnych	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laboratoryjnych	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboratoryjnych	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboratoryjny	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laboratoryjny	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laboratoryjnymi	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboratoryjnym	laboratoryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laboratoryjnym	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laboratoryjnym	laboratoryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laborce	laborka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborce	laborka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborek	laborka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborkach	laborka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborka	laborka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborkami	laborka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborką	laborka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborkę	laborka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborki	laborka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborki	laborka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborki	laborka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborki	laborka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborko	laborka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
laborkom	laborka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.|środ.
labourzystach	labourzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzysta	labourzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystami	labourzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystą	labourzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystę	labourzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzysto	labourzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystom	labourzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystów	labourzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystów	labourzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzysty	labourzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labourzysty	labourzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labourzysty	labourzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzyście	labourzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzyście	labourzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzyści	labourzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzyści	labourzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowscy	labourzystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labourzystowska	labourzystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labourzystowską	labourzystowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labourzystowską	labourzystowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labourzystowskich	labourzystowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labourzystowskich	labourzystowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labourzystowskich	labourzystowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labourzystowskiego	labourzystowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labourzystowskiego	labourzystowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labourzystowskiej	labourzystowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labourzystowskiej	labourzystowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labourzystowskiej	labourzystowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labourzystowskie	labourzystowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labourzystowskie	labourzystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labourzystowskie	labourzystowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labourzystowskie	labourzystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labourzystowskiemu	labourzystowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labourzystowski	labourzystowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labourzystowski	labourzystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labourzystowskimi	labourzystowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labourzystowskim	labourzystowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labourzystowskim	labourzystowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labourzystowskim	labourzystowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labourzystowsko	labourzystowski	adja		
labourzystowsku	labourzystowski	adjp		
labourzystowsko	labourzystowsko	adv:pos		
labourzystowskościach	labourzystowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskościami	labourzystowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskością	labourzystowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskości	labourzystowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskościom	labourzystowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskość	labourzystowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labourzystowskość	labourzystowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labować	labować	inf:imperf		przest.
labowaliby	labować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
labowalibyście	labować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
labowalibyśmy	labować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
labowali	labować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
labowali	labować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
labowaliście	labować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
labowaliśmy	labować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
labowałaby	labować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałabym	labować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
labowałabyś	labować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
labowała	labować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
labowała	labować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałam	labować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
labowałaś	labować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
labowałby	labować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałbym	labować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
labowałbyś	labować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
labowałem	labować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
labowałeś	labować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
labował	labować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
labował	labować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałoby	labować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałobym	labować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
labowałobyś	labować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
labowało	labować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
labowało	labować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałom	labować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
labowałoś	labować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
labowałyby	labować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałybyście	labować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
labowałybyśmy	labować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
labowały	labować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
labowały	labować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
labowałyście	labować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
labowałyśmy	labować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
labowaniach	labować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labowania	labować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labowania	labować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labowaniami	labować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labowanie	labować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
labowaniem	labować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
labowaniom	labować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
labowaniu	labować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
labowano	labować	imps:imperf		przest.
labowań	labować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
labująca	labować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
labującą	labować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
labującego	labować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
labującego	labować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labującej	labować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
labujące	labować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labujące	labować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labującemu	labować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labując	labować	pcon:imperf		przest.
labująco	labować	pacta		
labujących	labować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labujących	labować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labujący	labować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
labujący	labować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
labujący	labować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
labującymi	labować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labującym	labować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
labującym	labować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
labują	labować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
labujcie	labować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
labujecie	labować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
labuje	labować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
labujemy	labować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
labujesz	labować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
labuję	labować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
labuj	labować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
labujmy	labować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
labradorach	labrador:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorami	labrador:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorem	labrador:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labrador	labrador:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labrador	labrador:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorom	labrador:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorowi	labrador:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorów	labrador:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradoru	labrador:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradory	labrador:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradory	labrador:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradory	labrador:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorze	labrador:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorze	labrador:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorach	labrador:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradora	labrador:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradora	labrador:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorami	labrador:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorem	labrador:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labrador	labrador:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorom	labrador:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorowi	labrador:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorów	labrador:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradory	labrador:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradory	labrador:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradory	labrador:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorze	labrador:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorze	labrador:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
labradorscy	labradorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
labradorska	labradorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
labradorską	labradorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
labradorską	labradorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
labradorskich	labradorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
labradorskich	labradorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labradorskich	labradorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labradorskiego	labradorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
labradorskiego	labradorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labradorskiej	labradorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
labradorskiej	labradorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
labradorskiej	labradorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
labradorskie	labradorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labradorskie	labradorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
labradorskie	labradorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
labradorskie	labradorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
labradorskiemu	labradorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labradorski	labradorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
labradorski	labradorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
labradorskimi	labradorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labradorskim	labradorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
labradorskim	labradorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labradorskim	labradorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
labradorsko	labradorski	adja		
labradorsku	labradorski	adjp		
labradorsko	labradorsko	adv:pos		
labradorskościach	labradorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskościami	labradorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskością	labradorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskości	labradorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskościom	labradorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskość	labradorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorskość	labradorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labradorycie	labradoryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorycie	labradoryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorytach	labradoryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorytami	labradoryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorytem	labradoryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradoryt	labradoryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradoryt	labradoryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorytom	labradoryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorytowi	labradoryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorytów	labradoryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradorytu	labradoryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradoryty	labradoryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradoryty	labradoryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labradoryty	labradoryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
labrach	labry	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
labrami	labry	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
labrom	labry	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
labrów	labry	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
labry	labry	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
labry	labry	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
labry	labry	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
laburzystach	laburzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzysta	laburzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystami	laburzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystą	laburzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystę	laburzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzysto	laburzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystom	laburzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystów	laburzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystów	laburzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzysty	laburzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laburzysty	laburzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laburzysty	laburzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzyście	laburzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzyście	laburzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzyści	laburzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzyści	laburzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystce	laburzystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystce	laburzystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystek	laburzystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystkach	laburzystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystka	laburzystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystkami	laburzystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystką	laburzystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystkę	laburzystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystki	laburzystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystki	laburzystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystki	laburzystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystki	laburzystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystko	laburzystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystkom	laburzystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowscy	laburzystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laburzystowska	laburzystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laburzystowską	laburzystowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laburzystowską	laburzystowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laburzystowskich	laburzystowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laburzystowskich	laburzystowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laburzystowskich	laburzystowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laburzystowskiego	laburzystowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laburzystowskiego	laburzystowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laburzystowskiej	laburzystowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laburzystowskiej	laburzystowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laburzystowskiej	laburzystowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laburzystowskie	laburzystowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laburzystowskie	laburzystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laburzystowskie	laburzystowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laburzystowskie	laburzystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laburzystowskiemu	laburzystowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laburzystowski	laburzystowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laburzystowski	laburzystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laburzystowskimi	laburzystowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laburzystowskim	laburzystowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laburzystowskim	laburzystowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laburzystowskim	laburzystowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laburzystowsko	laburzystowski	adja		
laburzystowsku	laburzystowski	adjp		
laburzystowsko	laburzystowsko	adv:pos		
laburzystowskościach	laburzystowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskościami	laburzystowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskością	laburzystowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskości	laburzystowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskościom	laburzystowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskość	laburzystowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laburzystowskość	laburzystowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
labusiach	labuś	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusia	labuś	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusia	labuś	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiami	labuś	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusie	labuś	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusie	labuś	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusie	labuś	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusie	labuś	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiem	labuś	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiom	labuś	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiowi	labuś	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiów	labuś	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiów	labuś	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiu	labuś	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labusiu	labuś	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
labuś	labuś	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lacedemońscy	lacedemoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lacedemońska	lacedemoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lacedemońską	lacedemoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lacedemońską	lacedemoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lacedemońskich	lacedemoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lacedemońskich	lacedemoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lacedemońskich	lacedemoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lacedemońskiego	lacedemoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lacedemońskiego	lacedemoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lacedemońskiej	lacedemoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lacedemońskiej	lacedemoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lacedemońskiej	lacedemoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lacedemońskie	lacedemoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lacedemońskie	lacedemoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lacedemońskie	lacedemoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lacedemońskie	lacedemoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lacedemońskiemu	lacedemoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lacedemoński	lacedemoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lacedemoński	lacedemoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lacedemońskimi	lacedemoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lacedemońskim	lacedemoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lacedemońskim	lacedemoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lacedemońskim	lacedemoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lacedemońsko	lacedemoński	adja		
lacedemońsku	lacedemoński	adjp		
lacedemońsko	lacedemońsko	adv:pos		
lacedemońskościach	lacedemońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskościami	lacedemońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskością	lacedemońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskości	lacedemońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskościom	lacedemońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskość	lacedemońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacedemońskość	lacedemońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laceńscy	laceński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
laceńska	laceński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
laceńską	laceński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
laceńską	laceński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
laceńskich	laceński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
laceńskich	laceński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laceńskich	laceński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laceńskiego	laceński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
laceńskiego	laceński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laceńskiej	laceński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
laceńskiej	laceński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
laceńskiej	laceński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
laceńskie	laceński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laceńskie	laceński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laceńskie	laceński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
laceńskie	laceński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
laceńskiemu	laceński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laceński	laceński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
laceński	laceński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
laceńskimi	laceński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laceńskim	laceński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laceńskim	laceński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laceńskim	laceński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laceńsko	laceński	adja		daw.
laceńsku	laceński	adjp		daw.
laceńsko	laceńsko	adv:pos		daw.
laceńskościach	laceńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskościami	laceńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskością	laceńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskości	laceńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskościom	laceńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskość	laceńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laceńskość	laceńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lacernach	lacerna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacerna	lacerna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacernami	lacerna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacerną	lacerna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacernę	lacerna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacernie	lacerna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacernie	lacerna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacern	lacerna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacerno	lacerna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacernom	lacerna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacerny	lacerna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacerny	lacerna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacerny	lacerna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacerny	lacerna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachach	lach	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lacha	lach	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lacha	lach	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachami	lach	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachem	lach	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lach	lach	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachom	lach	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachowie	lach	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachowie	lach	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachowi	lach	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachów	lach	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachów	lach	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachu	lach	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachu	lach	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachy	lach	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachy	lach	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lachach	lacha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacha	lacha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachami	lacha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachą	lacha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachę	lacha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lach	lacha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lacho	lacha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachom	lacha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachy	lacha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachy	lacha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachy	lacha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachy	lacha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasze	lacha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasze	lacha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowscy	lachowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lachowska	lachowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lachowską	lachowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lachowską	lachowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lachowskich	lachowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lachowskich	lachowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lachowskich	lachowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lachowskiego	lachowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lachowskiego	lachowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lachowskiej	lachowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lachowskiej	lachowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lachowskiej	lachowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lachowskie	lachowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lachowskie	lachowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lachowskie	lachowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lachowskie	lachowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lachowskiemu	lachowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lachowski	lachowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lachowski	lachowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lachowskimi	lachowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lachowskim	lachowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lachowskim	lachowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lachowskim	lachowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lachowsko	lachowski	adja		
lachowsku	lachowski	adjp		
lachowsko	lachowsko	adv:pos		
lachowskościach	lachowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskościami	lachowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskością	lachowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskości	lachowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskościom	lachowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskość	lachowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lachowskość	lachowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laccy	lacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lacka	lacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lacką	lacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lacką	lacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lackich	lacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lackich	lacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lackich	lacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lackiego	lacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lackiego	lacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lackiej	lacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lackiej	lacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lackiej	lacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lackie	lacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lackie	lacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lackie	lacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lackie	lacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lackiemu	lacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lacki	lacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lacki	lacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lackimi	lacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lackim	lacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lackim	lacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lackim	lacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lacko	lacki	adja		daw.
lacku	lacki	adjp		daw.
lacko	lacko	adv:pos		
lackościach	lackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackościami	lackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackością	lackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackości	lackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackościom	lackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackość	lackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lackość	lackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laczek	laczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczek	laczek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczek	laczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczkach	laczek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczkach	laczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczka	laczek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczka	laczek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczka	laczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczkami	laczek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczkami	laczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczkiem	laczek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczkiem	laczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczki	laczek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczki	laczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczki	laczek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczki	laczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczki	laczek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczki	laczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczkom	laczek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczkom	laczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczkowi	laczek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczkowi	laczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczków	laczek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczków	laczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczku	laczek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczku	laczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laczku	laczek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laczku	laczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lać	lać	inf:imperf		
laliby	lać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lalibyście	lać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lalibyśmy	lać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lali	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lali	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laliście	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laliśmy	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lałaby	lać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lałabym	lać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lałabyś	lać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lała	lać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lała	lać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lałam	lać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lałaś	lać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lałby	lać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lałbym	lać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lałbyś	lać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lałem	lać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lałeś	lać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lał	lać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lał	lać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lałoby	lać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lałobym	lać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lałobyś	lać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lało	lać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lało	lać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lałom	lać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lałoś	lać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lałyby	lać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lałybyście	lać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lałybyśmy	lać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lały	lać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lały	lać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lałyście	lać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lałyśmy	lać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lana	lać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laną	lać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lanego	lać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lanego	lać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lanej	lać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lane	lać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lane	lać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lanemu	lać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laniach	lać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lania	lać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lania	lać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laniami	lać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lanie	lać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laniem	lać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lani	lać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laniom	lać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
laniu	lać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lano	lać	imps:imperf		
lanych	lać	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lanych	lać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lany	lać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lany	lać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lanymi	lać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lanym	lać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lanym	lać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lań	lać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lejąca	lać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lejącą	lać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lejącego	lać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lejącego	lać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lejącej	lać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lejące	lać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lejące	lać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lejącemu	lać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lejąc	lać	pcon:imperf		
lejąco	lać	pacta		
lejących	lać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lejących	lać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lejący	lać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lejący	lać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lejący	lać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lejącymi	lać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lejącym	lać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lejącym	lać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leją	lać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lejcie	lać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lejecie	lać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leje	lać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lejemy	lać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lejesz	lać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leję	lać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lej	lać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lejmy	lać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leliby	lać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lelibyście	lać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lelibyśmy	lać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leli	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leli	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leliście	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leliśmy	lać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
ladaco	ladaco:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ladaco	ladaco:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ladacznicach	ladacznica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznica	ladacznica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznicami	ladacznica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznicą	ladacznica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznice	ladacznica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznice	ladacznica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznice	ladacznica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznicę	ladacznica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznic	ladacznica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznico	ladacznica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznicom	ladacznica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznicy	ladacznica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznicy	ladacznica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznicy	ladacznica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest._dziś_książk.
ladacznościach	ladaczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladacznościami	ladaczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladacznością	ladaczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczności	ladaczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladacznościom	ladaczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczność	ladaczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczność	ladaczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaczna	ladaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ladaczną	ladaczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ladaczną	ladaczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ladacznego	ladaczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ladacznego	ladaczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ladacznej	ladaczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ladacznej	ladaczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ladacznej	ladaczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ladaczne	ladaczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ladaczne	ladaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ladaczne	ladaczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ladaczne	ladaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ladacznemu	ladaczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ladaczni	ladaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ladaczno	ladaczny	adja		
ladacznych	ladaczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ladacznych	ladaczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladacznych	ladaczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladaczny	ladaczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ladaczny	ladaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ladacznymi	ladaczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladacznym	ladaczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladacznym	ladaczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ladacznym	ladaczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lada	lada:p	prep:nom		
lada	lada:q	qub		
ladarzach	ladarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzach	ladarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarza	ladarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarza	ladarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarza	ladarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarza	ladarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzami	ladarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzami	ladarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarze	ladarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarze	ladarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarze	ladarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarze	ladarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarze	ladarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarze	ladarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarze	ladarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarze	ladarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzem	ladarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzem	ladarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarz	ladarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarz	ladarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzom	ladarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzom	ladarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzowi	ladarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzowi	ladarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzów	ladarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzów	ladarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzu	ladarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzu	ladarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzu	ladarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzu	ladarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ladarzy	ladarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladarzy	ladarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladach	lada:s	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lada	lada:s	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladami	lada:s	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladą	lada:s	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladę	lada:s	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lad	lada:s	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lado	lada:s	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladom	lada:s	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lada:s	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lada:s	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lada:s	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lada:s	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladzie	lada:s	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladzie	lada:s	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladaszczościach	ladaszczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczościami	ladaszczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczością	ladaszczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczości	ladaszczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczościom	ladaszczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczość	ladaszczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczość	ladaszczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszcza	ladaszczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ladaszczą	ladaszczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ladaszczą	ladaszczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ladaszczego	ladaszczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ladaszczego	ladaszczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ladaszczej	ladaszczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ladaszczej	ladaszczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ladaszczej	ladaszczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ladaszcze	ladaszczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ladaszcze	ladaszczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ladaszcze	ladaszczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ladaszcze	ladaszczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ladaszczemu	ladaszczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ladaszczo	ladaszczy	adja		daw.
ladaszczych	ladaszczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ladaszczych	ladaszczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ladaszczych	ladaszczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ladaszczy	ladaszczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ladaszczy	ladaszczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ladaszczy	ladaszczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ladaszczymi	ladaszczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ladaszczym	ladaszczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ladaszczym	ladaszczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ladaszczym	ladaszczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ladaszczycach	ladaszczyca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczyca	ladaszczyca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczycami	ladaszczyca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczycą	ladaszczyca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczyce	ladaszczyca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczyce	ladaszczyca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczyce	ladaszczyca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczycę	ladaszczyca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczyc	ladaszczyca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczyco	ladaszczyca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczycom	ladaszczyca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczycy	ladaszczyca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczycy	ladaszczyca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladaszczycy	ladaszczyca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ladino	ladino	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladino	ladino	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ladrach	ladro	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladra	ladro	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladra	ladro	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrami	ladro	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrem	ladro	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladro	ladro	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladro	ladro	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrom	ladro	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrowi	ladro	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrów	ladro	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrów	ladro	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladry	ladro	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladry	ladro	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrze	ladro	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrzy	ladro	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrzy	ladro	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ladrować	ladrować	inf:imperf		daw.
ladrowaliby	ladrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowalibyście	ladrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowalibyśmy	ladrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowali	ladrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
ladrowali	ladrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowaliście	ladrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowaliśmy	ladrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowałaby	ladrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałabym	ladrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowałabyś	ladrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowała	ladrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
ladrowała	ladrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałam	ladrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowałaś	ladrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowałby	ladrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałbym	ladrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowałbyś	ladrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowałem	ladrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowałeś	ladrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrował	ladrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
ladrował	ladrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałoby	ladrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałobym	ladrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowałobyś	ladrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowało	ladrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
ladrowało	ladrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałom	ladrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowałoś	ladrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowałyby	ladrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałybyście	ladrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowałybyśmy	ladrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowały	ladrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
ladrowały	ladrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrowałyście	ladrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrowałyśmy	ladrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrowana	ladrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ladrowaną	ladrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ladrowanego	ladrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ladrowanego	ladrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowanej	ladrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ladrowane	ladrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrowane	ladrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowanemu	ladrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowaniach	ladrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowania	ladrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowania	ladrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowaniami	ladrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowanie	ladrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowaniem	ladrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowani	ladrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ladrowaniom	ladrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowaniu	ladrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowano	ladrować	imps:imperf		daw.
ladrowanych	ladrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ladrowanych	ladrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrowany	ladrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ladrowany	ladrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ladrowanymi	ladrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrowanym	ladrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrowanym	ladrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrowań	ladrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ladrująca	ladrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ladrującą	ladrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ladrującego	ladrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ladrującego	ladrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrującej	ladrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ladrujące	ladrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrujące	ladrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrującemu	ladrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrując	ladrować	pcon:imperf		daw.
ladrująco	ladrować	pacta		
ladrujących	ladrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ladrujących	ladrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrujący	ladrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ladrujący	ladrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ladrujący	ladrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ladrującymi	ladrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrującym	ladrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ladrującym	ladrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ladrują	ladrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrujcie	ladrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrujecie	ladrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
ladruje	ladrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
ladrujemy	ladrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrujesz	ladrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ladruję	ladrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
ladruj	ladrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
ladrujmy	ladrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
ladrach	ladry	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ladrami	ladry	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ladrom	ladry	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ladrów	ladry	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ladry	ladry	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ladry	ladry	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
ladry	ladry	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lady	lady	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lady	lady	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńscy	ladyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ladyńska	ladyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ladyńską	ladyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ladyńską	ladyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ladyńskich	ladyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ladyńskich	ladyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladyńskich	ladyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladyńskiego	ladyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ladyńskiego	ladyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ladyńskiej	ladyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ladyńskiej	ladyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ladyńskiej	ladyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ladyńskie	ladyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ladyńskie	ladyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ladyńskie	ladyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ladyńskie	ladyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ladyńskiemu	ladyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ladyński	ladyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ladyński	ladyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ladyńskimi	ladyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladyńskim	ladyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ladyńskim	ladyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ladyńskim	ladyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ladyńsko	ladyński	adja		
ladyńsku	ladyński	adjp		
ladyńsko	ladyńsko	adv:pos		
ladyńskościach	ladyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskościami	ladyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskością	ladyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskości	ladyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskościom	ladyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskość	ladyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladyńskość	ladyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lafach	lafa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafa	lafa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafami	lafa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafą	lafa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafę	lafa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafie	lafa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafie	lafa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laf	lafa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafo	lafa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafom	lafa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafy	lafa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafy	lafa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafy	lafa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafy	lafa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lafiryndach	lafirynda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafirynda	lafirynda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndami	lafirynda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndą	lafirynda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndę	lafirynda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafirynd	lafirynda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndo	lafirynda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndom	lafirynda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndy	lafirynda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndy	lafirynda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndy	lafirynda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndy	lafirynda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndzie	lafirynda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lafiryndzie	lafirynda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
ladze	laga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ladze	laga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagach	laga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laga	laga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagami	laga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagą	laga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagę	laga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagi	laga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagi	laga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagi	laga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagi	laga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lag	laga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lago	laga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagom	laga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lager	lager	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lager	lager	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrach	lager	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrami	lager	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrem	lager	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrom	lager	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowi	lager	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrów	lager	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagru	lager	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagry	lager	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagry	lager	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagry	lager	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrze	lager	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagrze	lager	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lagier	lagier	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagier	lagier	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrach	lagier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrami	lagier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrem	lagier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrom	lagier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrowi	lagier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrów	lagier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagru	lagier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagry	lagier	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagry	lagier	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagry	lagier	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrze	lagier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagrze	lagier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lagoscy	lagoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lagoska	lagoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lagoską	lagoski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lagoską	lagoski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lagoskich	lagoski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lagoskich	lagoski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagoskich	lagoski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagoskiego	lagoski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lagoskiego	lagoski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagoskiej	lagoski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lagoskiej	lagoski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lagoskiej	lagoski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lagoskie	lagoski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lagoskie	lagoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lagoskie	lagoski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lagoskie	lagoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lagoskiemu	lagoski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagoski	lagoski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lagoski	lagoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lagoskimi	lagoski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagoskim	lagoski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagoskim	lagoski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagoskim	lagoski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagosko	lagoski	adja		
lagosku	lagoski	adjp		
lagosko	lagosko	adv:pos		
lagoskościach	lagoskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskościami	lagoskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskością	lagoskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskości	lagoskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskościom	lagoskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskość	lagoskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagoskość	lagoskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrować	lagrować	inf:imperf		
lagrowaliby	lagrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lagrowalibyście	lagrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lagrowalibyśmy	lagrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lagrowali	lagrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lagrowali	lagrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lagrowaliście	lagrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lagrowaliśmy	lagrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lagrowałaby	lagrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lagrowałabym	lagrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lagrowałabyś	lagrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lagrowała	lagrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lagrowała	lagrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lagrowałam	lagrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lagrowałaś	lagrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lagrowałby	lagrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lagrowałbym	lagrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lagrowałbyś	lagrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lagrowałem	lagrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lagrowałeś	lagrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lagrował	lagrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lagrował	lagrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lagrowałoby	lagrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lagrowałobym	lagrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lagrowałobyś	lagrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lagrowało	lagrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lagrowało	lagrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lagrowałom	lagrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lagrowałoś	lagrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lagrowałyby	lagrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lagrowałybyście	lagrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lagrowałybyśmy	lagrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lagrowały	lagrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lagrowały	lagrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lagrowałyście	lagrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lagrowałyśmy	lagrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lagrowana	lagrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lagrowaną	lagrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lagrowanego	lagrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lagrowanego	lagrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowanej	lagrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lagrowane	lagrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrowane	lagrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowanemu	lagrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowaniach	lagrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowania	lagrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowania	lagrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowaniami	lagrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowanie	lagrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowaniem	lagrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowani	lagrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lagrowaniom	lagrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowaniu	lagrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowano	lagrować	imps:imperf		
lagrowanych	lagrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lagrowanych	lagrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrowany	lagrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lagrowany	lagrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lagrowanymi	lagrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrowanym	lagrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrowanym	lagrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrowań	lagrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lagrująca	lagrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lagrującą	lagrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lagrującego	lagrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lagrującego	lagrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrującej	lagrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lagrujące	lagrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrujące	lagrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrującemu	lagrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrując	lagrować	pcon:imperf		
lagrująco	lagrować	pacta		
lagrujących	lagrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lagrujących	lagrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrujący	lagrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lagrujący	lagrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lagrujący	lagrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lagrującymi	lagrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrującym	lagrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lagrującym	lagrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lagrują	lagrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lagrujcie	lagrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lagrujecie	lagrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lagruje	lagrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lagrujemy	lagrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lagrujesz	lagrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lagruję	lagrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lagruj	lagrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lagrujmy	lagrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lagrowcach	lagrowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowca	lagrowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowca	lagrowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcami	lagrowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowce	lagrowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowce	lagrowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcem	lagrowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcom	lagrowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcowi	lagrowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowców	lagrowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowców	lagrowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcu	lagrowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcu	lagrowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcy	lagrowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcy	lagrowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowcze	lagrowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowiec	lagrowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowościach	lagrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowościami	lagrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowością	lagrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowości	lagrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowościom	lagrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowość	lagrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowość	lagrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagrowa	lagrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lagrową	lagrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lagrową	lagrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lagrowego	lagrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lagrowego	lagrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagrowej	lagrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lagrowej	lagrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lagrowej	lagrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lagrowe	lagrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lagrowe	lagrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lagrowe	lagrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lagrowe	lagrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lagrowemu	lagrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagrowi	lagrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lagrowo	lagrowy	adja		
lagrowych	lagrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lagrowych	lagrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagrowych	lagrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagrowy	lagrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lagrowy	lagrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lagrowymi	lagrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagrowym	lagrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagrowym	lagrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagrowym	lagrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagunach	laguna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laguna	laguna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunami	laguna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laguną	laguna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunę	laguna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunie	laguna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunie	laguna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagun	laguna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laguno	laguna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunom	laguna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laguny	laguna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laguny	laguna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laguny	laguna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laguny	laguna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowościach	lagunowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowościami	lagunowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowością	lagunowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowości	lagunowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowościom	lagunowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowość	lagunowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowość	lagunowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lagunowa	lagunowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lagunową	lagunowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lagunową	lagunowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lagunowego	lagunowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lagunowego	lagunowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagunowej	lagunowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lagunowej	lagunowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lagunowej	lagunowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lagunowe	lagunowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lagunowe	lagunowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lagunowe	lagunowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lagunowe	lagunowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lagunowemu	lagunowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagunowi	lagunowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lagunowo	lagunowy	adja		
lagunowych	lagunowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lagunowych	lagunowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagunowych	lagunowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagunowy	lagunowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lagunowy	lagunowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lagunowymi	lagunowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagunowym	lagunowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lagunowym	lagunowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lagunowym	lagunowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laharach	lahar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharami	lahar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharem	lahar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lahar	lahar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lahar	lahar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharom	lahar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharowi	lahar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharów	lahar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharu	lahar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lahary	lahar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lahary	lahar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lahary	lahar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharze	lahar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laharze	lahar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lai	lai	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lai	lai	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
la	la:i	interj		
laiccy	laicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laicka	laicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laicką	laicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laicką	laicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laickich	laicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laickich	laicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laickich	laicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laickiego	laicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laickiego	laicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laickiej	laicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laickiej	laicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laickiej	laicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laickie	laicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laickie	laicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laickie	laicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laickie	laicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laickiemu	laicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laicki	laicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laicki	laicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laickimi	laicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laickim	laicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laickim	laicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laickim	laicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laicko	laicki	adja		
laicku	laicki	adjp		
laicko	laicko	adv:pos		
laickościach	laickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickościami	laickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickością	laickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickości	laickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickościom	laickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickość	laickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laickość	laickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacjach	laicyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacja	laicyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacjami	laicyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacją	laicyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacje	laicyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacje	laicyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacje	laicyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzację	laicyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacji	laicyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laicyzacji	laicyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacji	laicyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacji	laicyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacjo	laicyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacjom	laicyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyj	laicyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laicyzacyjnościach	laicyzacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjnościami	laicyzacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjnością	laicyzacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjności	laicyzacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjnościom	laicyzacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjność	laicyzacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjność	laicyzacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzacyjna	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laicyzacyjną	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laicyzacyjną	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laicyzacyjnego	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laicyzacyjnego	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laicyzacyjnej	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laicyzacyjnej	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laicyzacyjnej	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laicyzacyjne	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laicyzacyjne	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laicyzacyjne	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laicyzacyjne	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laicyzacyjnemu	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laicyzacyjni	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laicyzacyjno	laicyzacyjny	adja		
laicyzacyjnych	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laicyzacyjnych	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laicyzacyjnych	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laicyzacyjny	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laicyzacyjny	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laicyzacyjnymi	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laicyzacyjnym	laicyzacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laicyzacyjnym	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laicyzacyjnym	laicyzacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laicyzmach	laicyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmami	laicyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmem	laicyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmie	laicyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmie	laicyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzm	laicyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzm	laicyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmom	laicyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmowi	laicyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmów	laicyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmu	laicyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmy	laicyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmy	laicyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzmy	laicyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laicyzować	laicyzować	inf:imperf		
laicyzowaliby	laicyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laicyzowalibyście	laicyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laicyzowalibyśmy	laicyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laicyzowali	laicyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
laicyzowali	laicyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laicyzowaliście	laicyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laicyzowaliśmy	laicyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laicyzowałaby	laicyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałabym	laicyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laicyzowałabyś	laicyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laicyzowała	laicyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
laicyzowała	laicyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałam	laicyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laicyzowałaś	laicyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laicyzowałby	laicyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałbym	laicyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laicyzowałbyś	laicyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laicyzowałem	laicyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laicyzowałeś	laicyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laicyzował	laicyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
laicyzował	laicyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałoby	laicyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałobym	laicyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laicyzowałobyś	laicyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laicyzowało	laicyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
laicyzowało	laicyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałom	laicyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laicyzowałoś	laicyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laicyzowałyby	laicyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałybyście	laicyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laicyzowałybyśmy	laicyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laicyzowały	laicyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
laicyzowały	laicyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laicyzowałyście	laicyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laicyzowałyśmy	laicyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laicyzowana	laicyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laicyzowaną	laicyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanego	laicyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanego	laicyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanej	laicyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laicyzowane	laicyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzowane	laicyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanemu	laicyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowaniach	laicyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowania	laicyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowania	laicyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowaniami	laicyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanie	laicyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowaniem	laicyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowani	laicyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laicyzowaniom	laicyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowaniu	laicyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowano	laicyzować	imps:imperf		
laicyzowanych	laicyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanych	laicyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzowany	laicyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laicyzowany	laicyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanymi	laicyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanym	laicyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzowanym	laicyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzowań	laicyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzująca	laicyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laicyzującą	laicyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laicyzującego	laicyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laicyzującego	laicyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzującej	laicyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laicyzujące	laicyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzujące	laicyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzującemu	laicyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzując	laicyzować	pcon:imperf		
laicyzująco	laicyzować	pacta		
laicyzujących	laicyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laicyzujących	laicyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzujący	laicyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laicyzujący	laicyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laicyzujący	laicyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laicyzującymi	laicyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzującym	laicyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laicyzującym	laicyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laicyzują	laicyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
laicyzujcie	laicyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
laicyzujecie	laicyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
laicyzuje	laicyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
laicyzujemy	laicyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
laicyzujesz	laicyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
laicyzuję	laicyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
laicyzuj	laicyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
laicyzujmy	laicyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
laicy	laik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laicy	laik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laikach	laik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laika	laik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laika	laik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laikami	laik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laikiem	laik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laiki	laik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laiki	laik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laik	laik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laikom	laik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laikowi	laik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laików	laik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laików	laik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laiku	laik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laiku	laik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laikacie	laikat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikacie	laikat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikatach	laikat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikatami	laikat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikatem	laikat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikat	laikat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikat	laikat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikatom	laikat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikatowi	laikat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikatów	laikat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikatu	laikat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikaty	laikat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikaty	laikat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laikaty	laikat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjnościach	laizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjnościami	laizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjnością	laizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjności	laizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjnościom	laizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjność	laizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjność	laizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laizacyjna	laizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laizacyjną	laizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laizacyjną	laizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laizacyjnego	laizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laizacyjnego	laizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laizacyjnej	laizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laizacyjnej	laizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laizacyjnej	laizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laizacyjne	laizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laizacyjne	laizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laizacyjne	laizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laizacyjne	laizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laizacyjnemu	laizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laizacyjni	laizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laizacyjno	laizacyjny	adja		
laizacyjnych	laizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laizacyjnych	laizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laizacyjnych	laizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laizacyjny	laizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laizacyjny	laizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laizacyjnymi	laizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laizacyjnym	laizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laizacyjnym	laizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laizacyjnym	laizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajbikach	lajbik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbika	lajbik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbikami	lajbik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbikiem	lajbik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbiki	lajbik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbiki	lajbik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbiki	lajbik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbik	lajbik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbik	lajbik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbikom	lajbik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbikowi	lajbik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbików	lajbik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbiku	lajbik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajbiku	lajbik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lajkach	lajk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkach	lajk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajka	lajk	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajka	lajk	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajka	lajk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkami	lajk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkami	lajk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkiem	lajk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkiem	lajk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajki	lajk	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajki	lajk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajki	lajk	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajki	lajk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajki	lajk	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajki	lajk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajk	lajk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajk	lajk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajk	lajk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkom	lajk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkom	lajk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkowi	lajk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkowi	lajk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajków	lajk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajków	lajk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajku	lajk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajku	lajk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajku	lajk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajku	lajk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowościach	lajkonikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowościami	lajkonikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowością	lajkonikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowości	lajkonikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowościom	lajkonikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowość	lajkonikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowość	lajkonikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowa	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lajkonikową	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lajkonikową	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lajkonikowego	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lajkonikowego	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajkonikowej	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lajkonikowej	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lajkonikowej	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lajkonikowe	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lajkonikowe	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lajkonikowe	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lajkonikowe	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lajkonikowemu	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajkonikowi	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lajkonikowo	lajkonikowy	adja		
lajkonikowych	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lajkonikowych	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajkonikowych	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajkonikowy	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lajkonikowy	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lajkonikowymi	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajkonikowym	lajkonikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajkonikowym	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajkonikowym	lajkonikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajkonikach	lajkonik:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonika	lajkonik:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikami	lajkonik:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikiem	lajkonik:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonik	lajkonik:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonik	lajkonik:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikom	lajkonik:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowi	lajkonik:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoników	lajkonik:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniku	lajkonik:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniku	lajkonik:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonicy	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonicy	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikach	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikach	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonika	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonika	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonika	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonika	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikami	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikami	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikiem	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikiem	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniki	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonik	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonik	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikom	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikom	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowie	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowie	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowi	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkonikowi	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoników	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoników	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoników	lajkonik:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniku	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniku	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniku	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lajkoniku	lajkonik:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lajkowana	lajkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowaną	lajkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanego	lajkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanego	lajkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanej	lajkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowane	lajkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowane	lajkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanemu	lajkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowaniach	lajkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowania	lajkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowania	lajkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowaniami	lajkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanie	lajkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowaniem	lajkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowani	lajkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowaniom	lajkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowaniu	lajkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanych	lajkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanych	lajkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowany	lajkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowany	lajkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanymi	lajkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanym	lajkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowanym	lajkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkowań	lajkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkująca	lajkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującą	lajkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującego	lajkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującego	lajkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującej	lajkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkujące	lajkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkujące	lajkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującemu	lajkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkująco	lajkować	pacta		pot.
lajkujących	lajkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkujących	lajkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkujący	lajkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkujący	lajkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkujący	lajkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującymi	lajkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującym	lajkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
lajkującym	lajkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
lajtowo	lajtowo	adv:pos		
lajtowościach	lajtowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowościami	lajtowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowością	lajtowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowości	lajtowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowościom	lajtowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowość	lajtowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowość	lajtowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lajtowa	lajtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lajtową	lajtowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lajtową	lajtowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lajtowego	lajtowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lajtowego	lajtowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajtowej	lajtowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lajtowej	lajtowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lajtowej	lajtowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lajtowe	lajtowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lajtowe	lajtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lajtowe	lajtowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lajtowe	lajtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lajtowemu	lajtowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajtowi	lajtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lajtowo	lajtowy	adja		
lajtowych	lajtowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lajtowych	lajtowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajtowych	lajtowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajtowy	lajtowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lajtowy	lajtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lajtowymi	lajtowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajtowym	lajtowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lajtowym	lajtowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lajtowym	lajtowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakach	lak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakami	lak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakiem	lak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laki	lak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laki	lak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laki	lak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lak	lak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lak	lak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakom	lak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakowi	lak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laków	lak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laku	lak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laku	lak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laku	lak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lace	laka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lace	laka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakach	laka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laka	laka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakami	laka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laką	laka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakę	laka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laki	laka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laki	laka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laki	laka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laki	laka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lak	laka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lako	laka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakom	laka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierach	lakier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierami	lakier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierem	lakier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakier	lakier	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakier	lakier	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierom	lakier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowi	lakier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierów	lakier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakieru	lakier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakiery	lakier	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakiery	lakier	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakiery	lakier	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierze	lakier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierze	lakier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierek	lakierek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierek	lakierek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierek	lakierek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkach	lakierek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkach	lakierek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierka	lakierek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierka	lakierek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkami	lakierek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkami	lakierek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkiem	lakierek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkiem	lakierek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierki	lakierek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierki	lakierek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierki	lakierek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierki	lakierek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierki	lakierek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierki	lakierek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkom	lakierek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkom	lakierek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowi	lakierek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowi	lakierek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierków	lakierek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierków	lakierek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierku	lakierek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierku	lakierek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierku	lakierek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierku	lakierek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierku	lakierek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowościach	lakierkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowościami	lakierkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowością	lakierkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowości	lakierkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowościom	lakierkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowość	lakierkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowość	lakierkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierkowa	lakierkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lakierkową	lakierkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lakierkową	lakierkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lakierkowego	lakierkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lakierkowego	lakierkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierkowej	lakierkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lakierkowej	lakierkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lakierkowej	lakierkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lakierkowe	lakierkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakierkowe	lakierkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakierkowe	lakierkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lakierkowe	lakierkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lakierkowemu	lakierkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierkowi	lakierkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lakierkowo	lakierkowy	adja		
lakierkowych	lakierkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lakierkowych	lakierkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierkowych	lakierkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierkowy	lakierkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lakierkowy	lakierkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lakierkowymi	lakierkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierkowym	lakierkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierkowym	lakierkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierkowym	lakierkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierniach	lakiernia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernia	lakiernia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniami	lakiernia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernią	lakiernia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernie	lakiernia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernie	lakiernia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernie	lakiernia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernię	lakiernia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierni	lakiernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lakierni	lakiernia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierni	lakiernia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierni	lakiernia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernio	lakiernia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniom	lakiernia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierń	lakiernia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lakiernictwach	lakiernictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwa	lakiernictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwa	lakiernictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwa	lakiernictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwa	lakiernictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwami	lakiernictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwem	lakiernictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwie	lakiernictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictw	lakiernictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwo	lakiernictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwo	lakiernictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwo	lakiernictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwom	lakiernictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernictwu	lakiernictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczce	lakierniczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczce	lakierniczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczek	lakierniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczkach	lakierniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczka	lakierniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczkami	lakierniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczką	lakierniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczkę	lakierniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczki	lakierniczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczki	lakierniczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczki	lakierniczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczki	lakierniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczko	lakierniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczkom	lakierniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczo	lakierniczo	adv:pos		rzad.
lakierniczościach	lakierniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczościami	lakierniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczością	lakierniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczości	lakierniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczościom	lakierniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczość	lakierniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniczość	lakierniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernicza	lakierniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lakierniczą	lakierniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lakierniczą	lakierniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lakierniczego	lakierniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lakierniczego	lakierniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierniczej	lakierniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lakierniczej	lakierniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lakierniczej	lakierniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lakiernicze	lakierniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakiernicze	lakierniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakiernicze	lakierniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lakiernicze	lakierniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lakierniczemu	lakierniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierniczo	lakierniczy	adja		
lakierniczych	lakierniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lakierniczych	lakierniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierniczych	lakierniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierniczy	lakierniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lakierniczy	lakierniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lakierniczy	lakierniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lakierniczymi	lakierniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierniczym	lakierniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierniczym	lakierniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierniczym	lakierniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakiernicy	lakiernik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernicy	lakiernik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernikach	lakiernik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernika	lakiernik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernika	lakiernik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernikami	lakiernik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernikiem	lakiernik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniki	lakiernik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniki	lakiernik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernik	lakiernik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernikom	lakiernik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiernikowi	lakiernik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakierników	lakiernik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakierników	lakiernik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniku	lakiernik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakierniku	lakiernik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakierować	lakierować	inf:imperf		
lakierowaliby	lakierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lakierowalibyście	lakierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lakierowalibyśmy	lakierować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lakierowali	lakierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lakierowali	lakierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lakierowaliście	lakierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lakierowaliśmy	lakierować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lakierowałaby	lakierować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lakierowałabym	lakierować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lakierowałabyś	lakierować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lakierowała	lakierować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lakierowała	lakierować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lakierowałam	lakierować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lakierowałaś	lakierować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lakierowałby	lakierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lakierowałbym	lakierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lakierowałbyś	lakierować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lakierowałem	lakierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lakierowałeś	lakierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lakierował	lakierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lakierował	lakierować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lakierowałoby	lakierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lakierowałobym	lakierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lakierowałobyś	lakierować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lakierowało	lakierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lakierowało	lakierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lakierowałom	lakierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lakierowałoś	lakierować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lakierowałyby	lakierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lakierowałybyście	lakierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lakierowałybyśmy	lakierować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lakierowały	lakierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lakierowały	lakierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lakierowałyście	lakierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lakierowałyśmy	lakierować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lakierowana	lakierować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lakierowaną	lakierować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lakierowanego	lakierować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lakierowanego	lakierować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowanej	lakierować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lakierowane	lakierować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierowane	lakierować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowanemu	lakierować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowaniach	lakierować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowania	lakierować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowania	lakierować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowaniami	lakierować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowanie	lakierować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowaniem	lakierować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowani	lakierować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakierowaniom	lakierować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowaniu	lakierować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowano	lakierować	imps:imperf		
lakierowanych	lakierować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakierowanych	lakierować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierowany	lakierować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lakierowany	lakierować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lakierowanymi	lakierować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierowanym	lakierować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierowanym	lakierować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierowań	lakierować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lakierująca	lakierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lakierującą	lakierować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lakierującego	lakierować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lakierującego	lakierować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierującej	lakierować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lakierujące	lakierować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierujące	lakierować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierującemu	lakierować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierując	lakierować	pcon:imperf		
lakierująco	lakierować	pacta		
lakierujących	lakierować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakierujących	lakierować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierujący	lakierować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakierujący	lakierować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lakierujący	lakierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lakierującymi	lakierować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierującym	lakierować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakierującym	lakierować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakierują	lakierować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lakierujcie	lakierować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lakierujecie	lakierować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lakieruje	lakierować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lakierujemy	lakierować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lakierujesz	lakierować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lakieruję	lakierować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lakieruj	lakierować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lakierujmy	lakierować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lakierowniach	lakierownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierownia	lakierownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowniami	lakierownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierownią	lakierownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierownie	lakierownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierownie	lakierownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierownie	lakierownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierownię	lakierownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowni	lakierownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowni	lakierownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowni	lakierownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowni	lakierownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierownio	lakierownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowniom	lakierownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowościach	lakierowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowościami	lakierowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowością	lakierowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowości	lakierowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowościom	lakierowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowość	lakierowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowość	lakierowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakierowa	lakierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lakierową	lakierowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lakierową	lakierowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lakierowego	lakierowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lakierowego	lakierowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierowej	lakierowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lakierowej	lakierowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lakierowej	lakierowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lakierowe	lakierowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakierowe	lakierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakierowe	lakierowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lakierowe	lakierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lakierowemu	lakierowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierowi	lakierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lakierowo	lakierowy	adja		
lakierowych	lakierowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lakierowych	lakierowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierowych	lakierowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierowy	lakierowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lakierowy	lakierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lakierowymi	lakierowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierowym	lakierowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakierowym	lakierowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakierowym	lakierowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakistach	lakista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakista	lakista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakistami	lakista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakistą	lakista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakistę	lakista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakisto	lakista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakistom	lakista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakistów	lakista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakistów	lakista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakisty	lakista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakisty	lakista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lakisty	lakista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiście	lakista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiście	lakista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiści	lakista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakiści	lakista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusach	lakmus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusa	lakmus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusami	lakmus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusem	lakmus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusie	lakmus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusie	lakmus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmus	lakmus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmus	lakmus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusom	lakmus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowi	lakmus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusów	lakmus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusu	lakmus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusy	lakmus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusy	lakmus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusy	lakmus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowościach	lakmusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowościami	lakmusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowością	lakmusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowości	lakmusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowościom	lakmusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowość	lakmusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowość	lakmusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakmusowa	lakmusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lakmusową	lakmusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lakmusową	lakmusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lakmusowego	lakmusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lakmusowego	lakmusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakmusowej	lakmusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lakmusowej	lakmusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lakmusowej	lakmusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lakmusowe	lakmusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakmusowe	lakmusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakmusowe	lakmusowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lakmusowe	lakmusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lakmusowemu	lakmusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakmusowi	lakmusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lakmusowo	lakmusowy	adja		
lakmusowych	lakmusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lakmusowych	lakmusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakmusowych	lakmusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakmusowy	lakmusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lakmusowy	lakmusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lakmusowymi	lakmusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakmusowym	lakmusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakmusowym	lakmusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakmusowym	lakmusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakolicie	lakolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolicie	lakolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolitach	lakolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolitami	lakolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolitem	lakolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolit	lakolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolit	lakolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolitom	lakolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolitowi	lakolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolitów	lakolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolitu	lakolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolity	lakolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolity	lakolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakolity	lakolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczniej	lakonicznie	adv:com		
lakonicznie	lakonicznie	adv:pos		
lakonicznościach	lakoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakonicznościami	lakoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakonicznością	lakoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczności	lakoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakonicznościom	lakoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczność	lakoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczność	lakoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakoniczna	lakoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lakoniczną	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lakoniczną	lakoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lakonicznego	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lakonicznego	lakoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakonicznej	lakoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lakonicznej	lakoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lakonicznej	lakoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lakoniczne	lakoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakoniczne	lakoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakoniczne	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lakoniczne	lakoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lakonicznemu	lakoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakoniczniejsi	lakoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejsza	lakoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszą	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszą	lakoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszego	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszego	lakoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszej	lakoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszej	lakoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszej	lakoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejsze	lakoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejsze	lakoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejsze	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejsze	lakoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszemu	lakoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszych	lakoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszych	lakoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszych	lakoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszy	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszy	lakoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszymi	lakoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszym	lakoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszym	lakoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lakoniczniejszym	lakoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lakoniczni	lakoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lakoniczno	lakoniczny	adja		
lakonicznych	lakoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lakonicznych	lakoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakonicznych	lakoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakoniczny	lakoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lakoniczny	lakoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lakonicznymi	lakoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakonicznym	lakoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakonicznym	lakoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakonicznym	lakoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakonizmach	lakonizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmami	lakonizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmem	lakonizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmie	lakonizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmie	lakonizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizm	lakonizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizm	lakonizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmom	lakonizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmowi	lakonizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmów	lakonizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmu	lakonizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmy	lakonizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmy	lakonizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakonizmy	lakonizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakońscy	lakoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lakońska	lakoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lakońską	lakoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lakońską	lakoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lakońskich	lakoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lakońskich	lakoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakońskich	lakoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakońskiego	lakoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lakońskiego	lakoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakońskiej	lakoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lakońskiej	lakoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lakońskiej	lakoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lakońskie	lakoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakońskie	lakoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakońskie	lakoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lakońskie	lakoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lakońskiemu	lakoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakoński	lakoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lakoński	lakoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lakońskimi	lakoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakońskim	lakoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakońskim	lakoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakońskim	lakoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakońsko	lakoński	adja		
lakońsku	lakoński	adjp		
lakońsko	lakońsko	adv:pos		
lakońskościach	lakońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskościami	lakońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskością	lakońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskości	lakońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskościom	lakońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskość	lakońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakońskość	lakońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakować	lakować	inf:imperf		
lakowaliby	lakować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lakowalibyście	lakować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lakowalibyśmy	lakować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lakowali	lakować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lakowali	lakować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lakowaliście	lakować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lakowaliśmy	lakować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lakowałaby	lakować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lakowałabym	lakować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lakowałabyś	lakować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lakowała	lakować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lakowała	lakować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lakowałam	lakować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lakowałaś	lakować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lakowałby	lakować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lakowałbym	lakować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lakowałbyś	lakować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lakowałem	lakować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lakowałeś	lakować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lakował	lakować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lakował	lakować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lakowałoby	lakować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lakowałobym	lakować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lakowałobyś	lakować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lakowało	lakować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lakowało	lakować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lakowałom	lakować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lakowałoś	lakować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lakowałyby	lakować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lakowałybyście	lakować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lakowałybyśmy	lakować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lakowały	lakować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lakowały	lakować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lakowałyście	lakować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lakowałyśmy	lakować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lakowana	lakować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lakowaną	lakować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lakowanego	lakować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lakowanego	lakować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakowanej	lakować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lakowane	lakować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakowane	lakować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakowanemu	lakować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakowaniach	lakować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowania	lakować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowania	lakować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowaniami	lakować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowanie	lakować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowaniem	lakować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowani	lakować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakowaniom	lakować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowaniu	lakować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lakowano	lakować	imps:imperf		
lakowanych	lakować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakowanych	lakować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakowany	lakować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lakowany	lakować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lakowanymi	lakować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakowanym	lakować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakowanym	lakować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakowań	lakować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lakująca	lakować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lakującą	lakować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lakującego	lakować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lakującego	lakować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakującej	lakować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lakujące	lakować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakujące	lakować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakującemu	lakować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakując	lakować	pcon:imperf		
lakująco	lakować	pacta		
lakujących	lakować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakujących	lakować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakujący	lakować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lakujący	lakować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lakujący	lakować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lakującymi	lakować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakującym	lakować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lakującym	lakować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lakują	lakować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lakujcie	lakować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lakujecie	lakować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lakuje	lakować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lakujemy	lakować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lakujesz	lakować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lakuję	lakować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lakuj	lakować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lakujmy	lakować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lakowościach	lakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowościami	lakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowością	lakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowości	lakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowościom	lakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowość	lakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowość	lakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lakowa	lakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lakową	lakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lakową	lakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lakowego	lakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lakowego	lakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakowej	lakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lakowej	lakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lakowej	lakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lakowe	lakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakowe	lakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lakowe	lakowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lakowe	lakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lakowemu	lakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakowi	lakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lakowo	lakowy	adja		
lakowych	lakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lakowych	lakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakowych	lakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakowy	lakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lakowy	lakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lakowymi	lakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakowym	lakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lakowym	lakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakowym	lakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lakrymatorach	lakrymator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatora	lakrymator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatorami	lakrymator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatorem	lakrymator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymator	lakrymator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymator	lakrymator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatorom	lakrymator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatorowi	lakrymator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatorów	lakrymator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatory	lakrymator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatory	lakrymator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatory	lakrymator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatorze	lakrymator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lakrymatorze	lakrymator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksacjach	laksacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacja	laksacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacjami	laksacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacją	laksacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacje	laksacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacje	laksacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacje	laksacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksację	laksacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacji	laksacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laksacji	laksacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacji	laksacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacji	laksacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacjo	laksacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacjom	laksacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laksacyj	laksacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laksyzmach	laksyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmami	laksyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmem	laksyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmie	laksyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmie	laksyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzm	laksyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzm	laksyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmom	laksyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmowi	laksyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmów	laksyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmu	laksyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmy	laksyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmy	laksyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laksyzmy	laksyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktacjach	laktacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacja	laktacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacjami	laktacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacją	laktacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacje	laktacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacje	laktacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacje	laktacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktację	laktacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacji	laktacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laktacji	laktacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacji	laktacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacji	laktacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacjo	laktacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacjom	laktacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyj	laktacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laktacyjnościach	laktacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjnościami	laktacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjnością	laktacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjności	laktacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjnościom	laktacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjność	laktacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjność	laktacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktacyjna	laktacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laktacyjną	laktacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laktacyjną	laktacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laktacyjnego	laktacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laktacyjnego	laktacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktacyjnej	laktacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laktacyjnej	laktacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laktacyjnej	laktacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laktacyjne	laktacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laktacyjne	laktacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laktacyjne	laktacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laktacyjne	laktacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laktacyjnemu	laktacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktacyjni	laktacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laktacyjno	laktacyjny	adja		
laktacyjnych	laktacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laktacyjnych	laktacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktacyjnych	laktacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktacyjny	laktacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laktacyjny	laktacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laktacyjnymi	laktacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktacyjnym	laktacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktacyjnym	laktacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktacyjnym	laktacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktamach	laktam	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamami	laktam	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamem	laktam	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamie	laktam	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamie	laktam	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktam	laktam	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktam	laktam	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamom	laktam	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamowi	laktam	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamów	laktam	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamu	laktam	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamy	laktam	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamy	laktam	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktamy	laktam	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktariach	laktarium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktaria	laktarium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktaria	laktarium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktaria	laktarium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktariami	laktarium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktariom	laktarium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktariów	laktarium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktarium	laktarium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktarium	laktarium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktarium	laktarium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktarium	laktarium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktarium	laktarium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktarium	laktarium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktarium	laktarium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorach	laktator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatora	laktator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorami	laktator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorem	laktator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktator	laktator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktator	laktator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorom	laktator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorowi	laktator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorów	laktator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatory	laktator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatory	laktator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatory	laktator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorze	laktator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktatorze	laktator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktazach	laktaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktaza	laktaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazami	laktaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazą	laktaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazę	laktaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazie	laktaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazie	laktaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktaz	laktaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazo	laktaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazom	laktaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazy	laktaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazy	laktaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazy	laktaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktazy	laktaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminach	laktoalbumina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbumina	laktoalbumina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminami	laktoalbumina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminą	laktoalbumina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminę	laktoalbumina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminie	laktoalbumina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminie	laktoalbumina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbumin	laktoalbumina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbumino	laktoalbumina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminom	laktoalbumina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminy	laktoalbumina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminy	laktoalbumina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminy	laktoalbumina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoalbuminy	laktoalbumina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblastach	laktoblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblastami	laktoblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblastem	laktoblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblast	laktoblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblast	laktoblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblastom	laktoblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblastowi	laktoblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblastów	laktoblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblastu	laktoblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblasty	laktoblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblasty	laktoblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblasty	laktoblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblaście	laktoblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoblaście	laktoblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrach	laktodensymetr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrami	laktodensymetr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrem	laktodensymetr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetr	laktodensymetr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetr	laktodensymetr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrom	laktodensymetr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrowi	laktodensymetr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrów	laktodensymetr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetru	laktodensymetr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetry	laktodensymetr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetry	laktodensymetr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetry	laktodensymetr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrze	laktodensymetr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktodensymetrze	laktodensymetr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoferynach	laktoferyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyna	laktoferyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferynami	laktoferyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyną	laktoferyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferynę	laktoferyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferynie	laktoferyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferynie	laktoferyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyn	laktoferyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyno	laktoferyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferynom	laktoferyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyny	laktoferyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyny	laktoferyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyny	laktoferyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoferyny	laktoferyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chem.
laktoflawinach	laktoflawina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawina	laktoflawina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawinami	laktoflawina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawiną	laktoflawina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawinę	laktoflawina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawinie	laktoflawina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawinie	laktoflawina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawin	laktoflawina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawino	laktoflawina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawinom	laktoflawina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawiny	laktoflawina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawiny	laktoflawina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawiny	laktoflawina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoflawiny	laktoflawina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulinach	laktoglobulina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulina	laktoglobulina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulinami	laktoglobulina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobuliną	laktoglobulina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulinę	laktoglobulina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulinie	laktoglobulina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulinie	laktoglobulina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulin	laktoglobulina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulino	laktoglobulina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobulinom	laktoglobulina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobuliny	laktoglobulina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobuliny	laktoglobulina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobuliny	laktoglobulina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoglobuliny	laktoglobulina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrach	laktometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrami	laktometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrem	laktometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometr	laktometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometr	laktometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrom	laktometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrowi	laktometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrów	laktometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometru	laktometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometry	laktometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometry	laktometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometry	laktometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrze	laktometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktometrze	laktometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianach	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianami	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianie	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianie	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianina	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianina	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinem	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinie	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinie	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianin	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinowi	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarian	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarian	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianom	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianów	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianów	laktoowowegetarianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariany	laktoowowegetarianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariany	laktoowowegetarianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianince	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianince	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinek	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinkach	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinka	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinkami	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinką	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinkę	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinki	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinki	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinki	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinki	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinko	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianinkom	laktoowowegetarianinka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmach	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmami	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmem	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmie	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmie	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizm	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizm	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmom	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmowi	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmów	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmu	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmy	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmy	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianizmy	laktoowowegetarianizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariance	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariance	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianek	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariankach	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianka	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariankami	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianką	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariankę	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianki	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianki	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianki	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianki	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetarianko	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariankom	laktoowowegetarianka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańscy	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laktoowowegetariańska	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laktoowowegetariańską	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laktoowowegetariańską	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskich	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskich	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskich	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskiego	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskiego	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskiej	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskiej	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskiej	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskie	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskie	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskie	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskie	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskiemu	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktoowowegetariański	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laktoowowegetariański	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskimi	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskim	laktoowowegetariański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskim	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskim	laktoowowegetariański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktoowowegetariańsko	laktoowowegetariański	adja		
laktoowowegetariańsku	laktoowowegetariański	adjp		
laktoowowegetariańsko	laktoowowegetariańsko	adv:pos		
laktoowowegetariańskościach	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskościami	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskością	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskości	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskościom	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskość	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoowowegetariańskość	laktoowowegetariańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopach	laktoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopami	laktoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopem	laktoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopie	laktoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopie	laktoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskop	laktoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskop	laktoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopom	laktoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopowi	laktoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopów	laktoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopu	laktoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopy	laktoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopy	laktoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktoskopy	laktoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianach	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianami	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianie	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianie	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianina	laktowegetarianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianina	laktowegetarianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinem	laktowegetarianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinie	laktowegetarianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinie	laktowegetarianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianin	laktowegetarianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinowi	laktowegetarianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarian	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarian	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianom	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianów	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianów	laktowegetarianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariany	laktowegetarianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariany	laktowegetarianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianince	laktowegetarianinka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianince	laktowegetarianinka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinek	laktowegetarianinka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinkach	laktowegetarianinka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinka	laktowegetarianinka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinkami	laktowegetarianinka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinką	laktowegetarianinka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinkę	laktowegetarianinka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinki	laktowegetarianinka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinki	laktowegetarianinka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinki	laktowegetarianinka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinki	laktowegetarianinka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinko	laktowegetarianinka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianinkom	laktowegetarianinka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmach	laktowegetarianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmami	laktowegetarianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmem	laktowegetarianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmie	laktowegetarianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmie	laktowegetarianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizm	laktowegetarianizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizm	laktowegetarianizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmom	laktowegetarianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmowi	laktowegetarianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmów	laktowegetarianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmu	laktowegetarianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmy	laktowegetarianizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmy	laktowegetarianizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianizmy	laktowegetarianizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariance	laktowegetarianka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariance	laktowegetarianka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianek	laktowegetarianka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariankach	laktowegetarianka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianka	laktowegetarianka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariankami	laktowegetarianka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianką	laktowegetarianka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariankę	laktowegetarianka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianki	laktowegetarianka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianki	laktowegetarianka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianki	laktowegetarianka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianki	laktowegetarianka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetarianko	laktowegetarianka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariankom	laktowegetarianka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańscy	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laktowegetariańska	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laktowegetariańską	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laktowegetariańską	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laktowegetariańskich	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laktowegetariańskich	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktowegetariańskich	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktowegetariańskiego	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laktowegetariańskiego	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktowegetariańskiej	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laktowegetariańskiej	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laktowegetariańskiej	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laktowegetariańskie	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laktowegetariańskie	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laktowegetariańskie	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laktowegetariańskie	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laktowegetariańskiemu	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktowegetariański	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laktowegetariański	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laktowegetariańskimi	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktowegetariańskim	laktowegetariański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laktowegetariańskim	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktowegetariańskim	laktowegetariański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laktowegetariańsko	laktowegetariański	adja		
laktowegetariańsku	laktowegetariański	adjp		
laktowegetariańsko	laktowegetariańsko	adv:pos		
laktowegetariańskościach	laktowegetariańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskościami	laktowegetariańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskością	laktowegetariańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskości	laktowegetariańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskościom	laktowegetariańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskość	laktowegetariańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktowegetariańskość	laktowegetariańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozach	laktoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoza	laktoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozami	laktoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozą	laktoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozę	laktoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozie	laktoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozie	laktoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktoz	laktoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozo	laktoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozom	laktoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozy	laktoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozy	laktoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozy	laktoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laktozy	laktoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalach	lala	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lala	lala	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalami	lala	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalą	lala	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lale	lala	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lale	lala	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lale	lala	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalę	lala	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lali	lala	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lali	lala	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lali	lala	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lal	lala	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalom	lala	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalu	lala	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalcząt	lalczę	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczęcia	lalczę	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczęciem	lalczę	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczęciu	lalczę	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczęciu	lalczę	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczę	lalczę	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczę	lalczę	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczę	lalczę	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczętach	lalczę	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczęta	lalczę	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczęta	lalczę	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczęta	lalczę	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczętami	lalczę	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczętom	lalczę	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalczynościach	lalczyność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczynościami	lalczyność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczynością	lalczyność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyności	lalczyność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczynościom	lalczyność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyność	lalczyność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyność	lalczyność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalczyna	lalczyny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lalczyną	lalczyny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lalczyną	lalczyny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lalczynego	lalczyny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lalczynego	lalczyny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalczynej	lalczyny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lalczynej	lalczyny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lalczynej	lalczyny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lalczyne	lalczyny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalczyne	lalczyny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalczyne	lalczyny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lalczyne	lalczyny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lalczynemu	lalczyny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalczyni	lalczyny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lalczyn	lalczyny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lalczyn	lalczyny	adj:sg:nom:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lalczyno	lalczyny	adja		
lalczynych	lalczyny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lalczynych	lalczyny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalczynych	lalczyny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalczyny	lalczyny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lalczyny	lalczyny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lalczynymi	lalczyny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalczynym	lalczyny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalczynym	lalczyny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalczynym	lalczyny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laleczce	laleczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczce	laleczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczek	laleczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkach	laleczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczka	laleczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkami	laleczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczką	laleczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkę	laleczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczki	laleczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczki	laleczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczki	laleczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczki	laleczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczko	laleczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkom	laleczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatościach	laleczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatościami	laleczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatością	laleczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatości	laleczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatościom	laleczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatość	laleczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowatość	laleczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laleczkowaci	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laleczkowata	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laleczkowatą	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laleczkowatą	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laleczkowatego	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laleczkowatego	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laleczkowatej	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laleczkowatej	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laleczkowatej	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laleczkowate	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laleczkowate	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laleczkowate	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laleczkowate	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laleczkowatemu	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laleczkowato	laleczkowaty	adja		
laleczkowatych	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laleczkowatych	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laleczkowatych	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laleczkowaty	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laleczkowaty	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laleczkowatymi	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laleczkowatym	laleczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laleczkowatym	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laleczkowatym	laleczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalemancjach	lalemancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancja	lalemancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancjami	lalemancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancją	lalemancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancje	lalemancja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancje	lalemancja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancje	lalemancja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancję	lalemancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancji	lalemancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lalemancji	lalemancja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancji	lalemancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancji	lalemancja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancjo	lalemancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancjom	lalemancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalemancyj	lalemancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lalce	lalka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalce	lalka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalek	lalka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkach	lalka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalka	lalka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkami	lalka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalką	lalka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkę	lalka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalki	lalka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalki	lalka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalki	lalka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalki	lalka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalko	lalka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkom	lalka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarce	lalkarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarce	lalkarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarek	lalkarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarkach	lalkarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarka	lalkarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarkami	lalkarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarką	lalkarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarkę	lalkarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarki	lalkarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarki	lalkarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarki	lalkarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarki	lalkarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarko	lalkarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarkom	lalkarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarscy	lalkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lalkarska	lalkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lalkarską	lalkarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lalkarską	lalkarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lalkarskich	lalkarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lalkarskich	lalkarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkarskich	lalkarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkarskiego	lalkarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lalkarskiego	lalkarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkarskiej	lalkarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lalkarskiej	lalkarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lalkarskiej	lalkarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lalkarskie	lalkarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalkarskie	lalkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalkarskie	lalkarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lalkarskie	lalkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lalkarskiemu	lalkarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkarski	lalkarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lalkarski	lalkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lalkarskimi	lalkarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkarskim	lalkarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkarskim	lalkarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkarskim	lalkarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkarsko	lalkarski	adja		
lalkarsku	lalkarski	adjp		
lalkarsko	lalkarsko	adv:pos		
lalkarskościach	lalkarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskościami	lalkarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskością	lalkarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskości	lalkarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskościom	lalkarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskość	lalkarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarskość	lalkarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwach	lalkarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwa	lalkarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwa	lalkarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwa	lalkarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwa	lalkarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwami	lalkarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwem	lalkarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwie	lalkarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstw	lalkarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwo	lalkarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwo	lalkarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwo	lalkarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwom	lalkarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarstwu	lalkarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzach	lalkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzach	lalkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarza	lalkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarza	lalkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarza	lalkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarza	lalkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzami	lalkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzami	lalkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarze	lalkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarze	lalkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarze	lalkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarze	lalkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarze	lalkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarze	lalkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarze	lalkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarze	lalkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzem	lalkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzem	lalkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarz	lalkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarz	lalkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzom	lalkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzom	lalkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzowi	lalkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzowi	lalkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzów	lalkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzów	lalkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzu	lalkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzu	lalkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzu	lalkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzu	lalkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lalkarzy	lalkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkarzy	lalkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowato	lalkowato	adv:pos		
lalkowatościach	lalkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatościami	lalkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatością	lalkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatości	lalkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatościom	lalkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatość	lalkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowatość	lalkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowaci	lalkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lalkowata	lalkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lalkowatą	lalkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lalkowatą	lalkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lalkowatego	lalkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lalkowatego	lalkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkowatej	lalkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lalkowatej	lalkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lalkowatej	lalkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lalkowate	lalkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowate	lalkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowate	lalkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lalkowate	lalkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lalkowatemu	lalkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkowato	lalkowaty	adja		
lalkowatych	lalkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lalkowatych	lalkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowatych	lalkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowaty	lalkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lalkowaty	lalkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lalkowatymi	lalkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowatym	lalkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowatym	lalkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkowatym	lalkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkowcach	lalkowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowca	lalkowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowca	lalkowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcami	lalkowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowce	lalkowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowce	lalkowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcem	lalkowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcom	lalkowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcowi	lalkowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowców	lalkowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowców	lalkowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcu	lalkowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcu	lalkowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcy	lalkowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcy	lalkowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowcze	lalkowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowiec	lalkowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowościach	lalkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowościami	lalkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowością	lalkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowości	lalkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowościom	lalkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowość	lalkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowość	lalkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalkowa	lalkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lalkową	lalkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lalkową	lalkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lalkowego	lalkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lalkowego	lalkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkowej	lalkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lalkowej	lalkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lalkowej	lalkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lalkowe	lalkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowe	lalkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowe	lalkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lalkowe	lalkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lalkowemu	lalkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkowi	lalkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lalkowo	lalkowy	adja		
lalkowych	lalkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lalkowych	lalkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowych	lalkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowy	lalkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lalkowy	lalkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lalkowymi	lalkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowym	lalkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalkowym	lalkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalkowym	lalkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laluniach	lalunia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalunia	lalunia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluniami	lalunia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalunią	lalunia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalunie	lalunia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalunie	lalunia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalunie	lalunia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalunię	lalunia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluni	lalunia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|rzad.
laluni	lalunia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluni	lalunia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluni	lalunia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluniom	lalunia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluniu	lalunia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluń	lalunia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lalusiach	lalusia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusia	lalusia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiami	lalusia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusią	lalusia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusie	lalusia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusie	lalusia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusie	lalusia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusię	lalusia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusi	lalusia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|rzad.
lalusi	lalusia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusi	lalusia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusi	lalusia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiom	lalusia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiu	lalusia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laluś	lalusia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lalusiowato	lalusiowato	adv:pos		
lalusiowatościach	lalusiowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatościami	lalusiowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatością	lalusiowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatości	lalusiowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatościom	lalusiowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatość	lalusiowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowatość	lalusiowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowaci	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lalusiowata	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lalusiowatą	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lalusiowatą	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lalusiowatego	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lalusiowatego	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalusiowatej	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lalusiowatej	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lalusiowatej	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lalusiowate	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalusiowate	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lalusiowate	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lalusiowate	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lalusiowatemu	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalusiowato	lalusiowaty	adja		
lalusiowatych	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lalusiowatych	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalusiowatych	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalusiowaty	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lalusiowaty	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lalusiowatymi	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalusiowatym	lalusiowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lalusiowatym	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalusiowatym	lalusiowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lalusiach	laluś	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusia	laluś	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusia	laluś	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiami	laluś	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusie	laluś	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lalusie	laluś	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lalusie	laluś	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusie	laluś	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiem	laluś	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiom	laluś	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiowi	laluś	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiów	laluś	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiów	laluś	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiu	laluś	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lalusiu	laluś	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laluś	laluś	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaiccy	lamaicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lamaicka	lamaicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lamaicką	lamaicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lamaicką	lamaicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lamaickich	lamaicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lamaickich	lamaicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaickich	lamaicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaickiego	lamaicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lamaickiego	lamaicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaickiej	lamaicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lamaickiej	lamaicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lamaickiej	lamaicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lamaickie	lamaicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamaickie	lamaicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamaickie	lamaicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lamaickie	lamaicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lamaickiemu	lamaicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaicki	lamaicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lamaicki	lamaicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lamaickimi	lamaicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaickim	lamaicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaickim	lamaicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaickim	lamaicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaicko	lamaicki	adja		
lamaicku	lamaicki	adjp		
lamaicko	lamaicko	adv:pos		
lamaickościach	lamaickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickościami	lamaickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickością	lamaickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickości	lamaickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickościom	lamaickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickość	lamaickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaickość	lamaickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistach	lamaista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaista	lamaista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistami	lamaista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistą	lamaista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistę	lamaista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaisto	lamaista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistom	lamaista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistów	lamaista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistów	lamaista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaisty	lamaista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lamaisty	lamaista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lamaisty	lamaista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaiście	lamaista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaiście	lamaista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaiści	lamaista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaiści	lamaista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistycznościach	lamaistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistycznościami	lamaistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistycznością	lamaistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczności	lamaistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistycznościom	lamaistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczność	lamaistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczność	lamaistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamaistyczna	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lamaistyczną	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lamaistyczną	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lamaistycznego	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lamaistycznego	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaistycznej	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lamaistycznej	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lamaistycznej	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lamaistyczne	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamaistyczne	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamaistyczne	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lamaistyczne	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lamaistycznemu	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaistyczni	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lamaistyczno	lamaistyczny	adja		
lamaistycznych	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lamaistycznych	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaistycznych	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaistyczny	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lamaistyczny	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lamaistycznymi	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaistycznym	lamaistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamaistycznym	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaistycznym	lamaistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamaicie	lamaita	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaicie	lamaita	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaici	lamaita	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaici	lamaita	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaitach	lamaita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaita	lamaita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaitami	lamaita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaitą	lamaita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaitę	lamaita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaito	lamaita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaitom	lamaita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaitów	lamaita	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaitów	lamaita	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaity	lamaita	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lamaity	lamaita	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lamaity	lamaita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmach	lamaizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmami	lamaizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmem	lamaizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmie	lamaizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmie	lamaizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizm	lamaizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizm	lamaizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmom	lamaizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmowi	lamaizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmów	lamaizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmu	lamaizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmy	lamaizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmy	lamaizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamaizmy	lamaizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamajscy	lamajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lamajska	lamajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lamajską	lamajski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lamajską	lamajski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lamajskich	lamajski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lamajskich	lamajski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamajskich	lamajski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamajskiego	lamajski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lamajskiego	lamajski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamajskiej	lamajski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lamajskiej	lamajski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lamajskiej	lamajski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lamajskie	lamajski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamajskie	lamajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamajskie	lamajski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lamajskie	lamajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lamajskiemu	lamajski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamajski	lamajski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lamajski	lamajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lamajskimi	lamajski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamajskim	lamajski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamajskim	lamajski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamajskim	lamajski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamajsko	lamajski	adja		
lamajsku	lamajski	adjp		
lamajsko	lamajsko	adv:pos		
lamajskościach	lamajskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskościami	lamajskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskością	lamajskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskości	lamajskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskościom	lamajskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskość	lamajskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamajskość	lamajskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantynach	lamantyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyna	lamantyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantynami	lamantyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyną	lamantyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantynę	lamantyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantynie	lamantyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantynie	lamantyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyn	lamantyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyno	lamantyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantynom	lamantyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyny	lamantyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyny	lamantyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyny	lamantyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamantyny	lamantyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmach	lamarkizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmami	lamarkizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmem	lamarkizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmie	lamarkizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmie	lamarkizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizm	lamarkizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizm	lamarkizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmom	lamarkizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmowi	lamarkizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmów	lamarkizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmu	lamarkizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmy	lamarkizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmy	lamarkizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamarkizmy	lamarkizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamach	lama:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lama	lama:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamami	lama:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamą	lama:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamę	lama:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamie	lama:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamie	lama:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lam	lama:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamo	lama:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamom	lama:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamy	lama:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamy	lama:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamy	lama:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamy	lama:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamach	lama:s2	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lama	lama:s2	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamami	lama:s2	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamą	lama:s2	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamę	lama:s2	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamie	lama:s2	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamie	lama:s2	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lam	lama:s2	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamo	lama:s2	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamom	lama:s2	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamy	lama:s2	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamy	lama:s2	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamy	lama:s2	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamy	lama:s2	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lamach	lama:s3	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lama	lama:s3	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamami	lama:s3	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamą	lama:s3	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamę	lama:s3	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamie	lama:s3	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamie	lama:s3	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamo	lama:s3	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamom	lama:s3	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamowie	lama:s3	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamowie	lama:s3	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamów	lama:s3	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamów	lama:s3	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamy	lama:s3	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamy	lama:s3	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lamy	lama:s3	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rel.
lambadach	lambada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambada	lambada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambadami	lambada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambadą	lambada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambadę	lambada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambad	lambada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambado	lambada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambadom	lambada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambady	lambada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambady	lambada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambady	lambada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambady	lambada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambadzie	lambada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambadzie	lambada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdach	lambda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambda	lambda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdami	lambda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdą	lambda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdę	lambda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambd	lambda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdo	lambda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdom	lambda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdy	lambda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdy	lambda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdy	lambda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdy	lambda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdzie	lambda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdzie	lambda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmach	lambdacyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmami	lambdacyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmem	lambdacyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmie	lambdacyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmie	lambdacyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzm	lambdacyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzm	lambdacyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmom	lambdacyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmowi	lambdacyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmów	lambdacyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmu	lambdacyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmy	lambdacyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmy	lambdacyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambdacyzmy	lambdacyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambercie	lambert	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambercie	lambert	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambertach	lambert	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lamberta	lambert	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambertami	lambert	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambertem	lambert	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambert	lambert	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambert	lambert	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambertom	lambert	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambertowi	lambert	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambertów	lambert	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lamberty	lambert	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lamberty	lambert	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lamberty	lambert	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.|przest.
lambeth-walkach	lambeth-walk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walka	lambeth-walk	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walka	lambeth-walk	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walkami	lambeth-walk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walkiem	lambeth-walk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walki	lambeth-walk	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walki	lambeth-walk	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walki	lambeth-walk	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walk	lambeth-walk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walkom	lambeth-walk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walkowi	lambeth-walk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walków	lambeth-walk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walku	lambeth-walk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambeth-walku	lambeth-walk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lambliach	lamblia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblia	lamblia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliami	lamblia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblią	lamblia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblie	lamblia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblie	lamblia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblie	lamblia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblię	lamblia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblii	lamblia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lamblii	lamblia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblii	lamblia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblii	lamblia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblij	lamblia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lamblio	lamblia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliom	lamblia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozach	lamblioza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblioza	lamblioza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozami	lamblioza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozą	lamblioza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozę	lamblioza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozie	lamblioza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozie	lamblioza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamblioz	lamblioza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozo	lamblioza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozom	lamblioza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozy	lamblioza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozy	lamblioza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozy	lamblioza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambliozy	lamblioza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamborghini	lamborghini	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinach	lambrekin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekina	lambrekin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinami	lambrekin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinem	lambrekin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinie	lambrekin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinie	lambrekin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekin	lambrekin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekin	lambrekin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinom	lambrekin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowi	lambrekin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinów	lambrekin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinu	lambrekin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekiny	lambrekin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekiny	lambrekin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekiny	lambrekin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowościach	lambrekinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowościami	lambrekinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowością	lambrekinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowości	lambrekinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowościom	lambrekinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowość	lambrekinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowość	lambrekinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lambrekinowa	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lambrekinową	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lambrekinową	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lambrekinowego	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lambrekinowego	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lambrekinowej	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lambrekinowej	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lambrekinowej	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lambrekinowe	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lambrekinowe	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lambrekinowe	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lambrekinowe	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lambrekinowemu	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lambrekinowi	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lambrekinowo	lambrekinowy	adja		
lambrekinowych	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lambrekinowych	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lambrekinowych	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lambrekinowy	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lambrekinowy	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lambrekinowymi	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lambrekinowym	lambrekinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lambrekinowym	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lambrekinowym	lambrekinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamelce	lamelka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelce	lamelka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelek	lamelka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelkach	lamelka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelka	lamelka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelkami	lamelka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelką	lamelka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelkę	lamelka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelki	lamelka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelki	lamelka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelki	lamelka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelki	lamelka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelko	lamelka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelkom	lamelka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamelować	lamelować	inf:imperf		rzad.
lamelowaliby	lamelować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowalibyście	lamelować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowalibyśmy	lamelować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowali	lamelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
lamelowali	lamelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowaliście	lamelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowaliśmy	lamelować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałaby	lamelować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałabym	lamelować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałabyś	lamelować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowała	lamelować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
lamelowała	lamelować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałam	lamelować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałaś	lamelować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałby	lamelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałbym	lamelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałbyś	lamelować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałem	lamelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałeś	lamelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelował	lamelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
lamelował	lamelować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałoby	lamelować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałobym	lamelować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałobyś	lamelować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowało	lamelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
lamelowało	lamelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałom	lamelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałoś	lamelować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałyby	lamelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałybyście	lamelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałybyśmy	lamelować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowały	lamelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
lamelowały	lamelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałyście	lamelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelowałyśmy	lamelować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowana	lamelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lamelowaną	lamelować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lamelowanego	lamelować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lamelowanego	lamelować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowanej	lamelować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lamelowane	lamelować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelowane	lamelować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowanemu	lamelować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowaniach	lamelować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowania	lamelować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowania	lamelować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowaniami	lamelować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowanie	lamelować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowaniem	lamelować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowani	lamelować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamelowaniom	lamelować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowaniu	lamelować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowano	lamelować	imps:imperf		rzad.
lamelowanych	lamelować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamelowanych	lamelować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelowany	lamelować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lamelowany	lamelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lamelowanymi	lamelować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelowanym	lamelować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelowanym	lamelować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelowań	lamelować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamelująca	lamelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lamelującą	lamelować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lamelującego	lamelować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lamelującego	lamelować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelującej	lamelować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lamelujące	lamelować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelujące	lamelować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelującemu	lamelować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelując	lamelować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
lamelująco	lamelować	pacta		
lamelujących	lamelować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamelujących	lamelować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelujący	lamelować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamelujący	lamelować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lamelujący	lamelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lamelującymi	lamelować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelującym	lamelować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamelującym	lamelować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamelują	lamelować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelujcie	lamelować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelujecie	lamelować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lameluje	lamelować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
lamelujemy	lamelować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelujesz	lamelować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lameluję	lamelować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
lameluj	lamelować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lamelujmy	lamelować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lamelowaniach	lamelowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowania	lamelowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowania	lamelowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowania	lamelowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowania	lamelowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowaniami	lamelowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowanie	lamelowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowanie	lamelowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowanie	lamelowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowaniem	lamelowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowaniom	lamelowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowaniu	lamelowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowaniu	lamelowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamelowań	lamelowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamencąca	lamencić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lamencącą	lamencić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lamencącego	lamencić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lamencącego	lamencić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamencącej	lamencić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lamencące	lamencić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamencące	lamencić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamencącemu	lamencić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamencąc	lamencić	pcon:imperf		
lamencąco	lamencić	pacta		
lamencących	lamencić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamencących	lamencić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamencący	lamencić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamencący	lamencić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lamencący	lamencić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lamencącymi	lamencić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamencącym	lamencić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamencącym	lamencić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamencą	lamencić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lamenceniach	lamencić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamencenia	lamencić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamencenia	lamencić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamenceniami	lamencić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamencenie	lamencić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamenceniem	lamencić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamenceniom	lamencić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lamenceniu	lamencić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamenceń	lamencić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamencę	lamencić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lamencicie	lamencić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lamencić	lamencić	inf:imperf		
lamenci	lamencić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lamenciliby	lamencić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lamencilibyście	lamencić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lamencilibyśmy	lamencić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lamencili	lamencić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lamencili	lamencić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lamenciliście	lamencić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lamenciliśmy	lamencić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lamenciłaby	lamencić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lamenciłabym	lamencić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lamenciłabyś	lamencić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lamenciła	lamencić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lamenciła	lamencić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lamenciłam	lamencić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lamenciłaś	lamencić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lamenciłby	lamencić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lamenciłbym	lamencić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lamenciłbyś	lamencić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lamenciłem	lamencić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lamenciłeś	lamencić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lamencił	lamencić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lamencił	lamencić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lamenciłoby	lamencić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lamenciłobym	lamencić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lamenciłobyś	lamencić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lamenciło	lamencić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lamenciło	lamencić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lamenciłom	lamencić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lamenciłoś	lamencić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lamenciłyby	lamencić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lamenciłybyście	lamencić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lamenciłybyśmy	lamencić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lamenciły	lamencić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lamenciły	lamencić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lamenciłyście	lamencić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lamenciłyśmy	lamencić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lamencimy	lamencić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lamencisz	lamencić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lamencono	lamencić	imps:imperf		
lamenćcie	lamencić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lamenć	lamencić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lamenćmy	lamencić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lamencie	lament	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamencie	lament	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentach	lament	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentami	lament	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentem	lament	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lament	lament	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lament	lament	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentom	lament	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentowi	lament	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentów	lament	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentu	lament	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamenty	lament	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamenty	lament	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamenty	lament	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacjach	lamentacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacja	lamentacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacjami	lamentacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacją	lamentacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacje	lamentacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacje	lamentacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacje	lamentacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentację	lamentacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacji	lamentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lamentacji	lamentacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacji	lamentacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacji	lamentacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacjo	lamentacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacjom	lamentacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyj	lamentacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lamentacyjnościach	lamentacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjnościami	lamentacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjnością	lamentacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjności	lamentacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjnościom	lamentacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjność	lamentacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjność	lamentacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentacyjna	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lamentacyjną	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lamentacyjną	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lamentacyjnego	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lamentacyjnego	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentacyjnej	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lamentacyjnej	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lamentacyjnej	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lamentacyjne	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamentacyjne	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamentacyjne	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lamentacyjne	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lamentacyjnemu	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentacyjni	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lamentacyjno	lamentacyjny	adja		
lamentacyjnych	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lamentacyjnych	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentacyjnych	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentacyjny	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lamentacyjny	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lamentacyjnymi	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentacyjnym	lamentacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentacyjnym	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentacyjnym	lamentacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentliwościach	lamentliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwościami	lamentliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwością	lamentliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwości	lamentliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwościom	lamentliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwość	lamentliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwość	lamentliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamentliwa	lamentliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lamentliwą	lamentliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lamentliwą	lamentliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lamentliwego	lamentliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lamentliwego	lamentliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentliwej	lamentliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lamentliwej	lamentliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lamentliwej	lamentliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lamentliwe	lamentliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamentliwe	lamentliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamentliwe	lamentliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lamentliwe	lamentliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lamentliwemu	lamentliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentliwi	lamentliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lamentliwo	lamentliwy	adja		
lamentliwych	lamentliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lamentliwych	lamentliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentliwych	lamentliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentliwy	lamentliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lamentliwy	lamentliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lamentliwymi	lamentliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentliwym	lamentliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamentliwym	lamentliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentliwym	lamentliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamentować	lamentować	inf:imperf		przest.
lamentowaliby	lamentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowalibyście	lamentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowalibyśmy	lamentować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowali	lamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
lamentowali	lamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowaliście	lamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowaliśmy	lamentować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowałaby	lamentować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałabym	lamentować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowałabyś	lamentować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowała	lamentować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
lamentowała	lamentować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałam	lamentować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowałaś	lamentować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowałby	lamentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałbym	lamentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowałbyś	lamentować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowałem	lamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowałeś	lamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentował	lamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
lamentował	lamentować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałoby	lamentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałobym	lamentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowałobyś	lamentować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowało	lamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
lamentowało	lamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałom	lamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowałoś	lamentować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowałyby	lamentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałybyście	lamentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowałybyśmy	lamentować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowały	lamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
lamentowały	lamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentowałyście	lamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentowałyśmy	lamentować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentowaniach	lamentować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowania	lamentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowania	lamentować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowaniami	lamentować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowanie	lamentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowaniem	lamentować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowaniom	lamentować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowaniu	lamentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentowano	lamentować	imps:imperf		przest.
lamentowań	lamentować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamentująca	lamentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lamentującą	lamentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lamentującego	lamentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lamentującego	lamentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamentującej	lamentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lamentujące	lamentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamentujące	lamentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamentującemu	lamentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamentując	lamentować	pcon:imperf		przest.
lamentująco	lamentować	pacta		
lamentujących	lamentować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamentujących	lamentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamentujący	lamentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamentujący	lamentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lamentujący	lamentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lamentującymi	lamentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamentującym	lamentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamentującym	lamentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamentują	lamentować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentujcie	lamentować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentujecie	lamentować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentuje	lamentować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
lamentujemy	lamentować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentujesz	lamentować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentuję	lamentować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
lamentuj	lamentować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
lamentujmy	lamentować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
lamerach	lamer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamera	lamer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamera	lamer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerami	lamer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerem	lamer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamer	lamer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerom	lamer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerowi	lamer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerów	lamer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerów	lamer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamery	lamer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lamery	lamer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lamerze	lamer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerze	lamer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerzy	lamer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerzy	lamer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lamerscy	lamerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lamerska	lamerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
lamerską	lamerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
lamerską	lamerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
lamerskich	lamerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lamerskich	lamerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lamerskich	lamerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lamerskiego	lamerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
lamerskiego	lamerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lamerskiej	lamerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
lamerskiej	lamerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
lamerskiej	lamerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
lamerskie	lamerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lamerskie	lamerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lamerskie	lamerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lamerskie	lamerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lamerskiemu	lamerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lamerski	lamerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
lamerski	lamerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
lamerskimi	lamerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lamerskim	lamerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lamerskim	lamerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lamerskim	lamerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lamersko	lamerski	adja		pot.
lamersku	lamerski	adjp		pot.
lamersko	lamersko	adv:pos		pot.
lamerskościach	lamerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskościami	lamerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskością	lamerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskości	lamerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskościom	lamerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskość	lamerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamerskość	lamerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamecie	lameta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamecie	lameta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lametach	lameta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lameta	lameta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lametami	lameta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lametą	lameta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lametę	lameta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamet	lameta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lameto	lameta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lametom	lameta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamety	lameta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamety	lameta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamety	lameta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamety	lameta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamiach	lamia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamia	lamia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamiami	lamia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamią	lamia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamie	lamia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamie	lamia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamie	lamia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamię	lamia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamii	lamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|mit.
lamii	lamia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamii	lamia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamii	lamia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamij	lamia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|mit.
lamio	lamia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
lamiom	lamia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mit.
laminach	lamina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamina	lamina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminami	lamina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminą	lamina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminę	lamina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminie	lamina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminie	lamina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamin	lamina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamino	lamina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminom	lamina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminy	lamina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminy	lamina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminy	lamina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminy	lamina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacjach	laminacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacja	laminacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacjami	laminacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacją	laminacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacje	laminacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacje	laminacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacje	laminacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminację	laminacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacji	laminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laminacji	laminacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacji	laminacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacji	laminacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacjo	laminacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacjom	laminacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminacyj	laminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laminariach	laminaria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminaria	laminaria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminariami	laminaria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarią	laminaria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarie	laminaria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarie	laminaria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarie	laminaria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarię	laminaria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarii	laminaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laminarii	laminaria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarii	laminaria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarii	laminaria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminario	laminaria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminariom	laminaria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminaryj	laminaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laminarce	laminarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarce	laminarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarek	laminarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarkach	laminarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarka	laminarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarkami	laminarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarką	laminarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarkę	laminarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarki	laminarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarki	laminarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarki	laminarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarki	laminarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarko	laminarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarkom	laminarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarnościach	laminarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarnościami	laminarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarnością	laminarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarności	laminarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarnościom	laminarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarność	laminarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarność	laminarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminarna	laminarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laminarną	laminarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laminarną	laminarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laminarnego	laminarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laminarnego	laminarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminarnej	laminarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laminarnej	laminarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laminarnej	laminarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laminarne	laminarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laminarne	laminarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laminarne	laminarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laminarne	laminarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laminarnemu	laminarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminarni	laminarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laminarno	laminarny	adja		
laminarnych	laminarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laminarnych	laminarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminarnych	laminarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminarny	laminarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laminarny	laminarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laminarnymi	laminarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminarnym	laminarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminarnym	laminarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminarnym	laminarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminacie	laminat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminacie	laminat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatach	laminat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatami	laminat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatem	laminat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminat	laminat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminat	laminat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatom	laminat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowi	laminat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatów	laminat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatu	laminat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminaty	laminat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminaty	laminat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminaty	laminat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorach	laminator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatora	laminator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorami	laminator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorem	laminator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminator	laminator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminator	laminator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorom	laminator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorowi	laminator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorów	laminator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatory	laminator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatory	laminator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatory	laminator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorze	laminator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatorze	laminator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowościach	laminatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowościami	laminatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowością	laminatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowości	laminatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowościom	laminatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowość	laminatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowość	laminatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminatowa	laminatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laminatową	laminatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laminatową	laminatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laminatowego	laminatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laminatowego	laminatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminatowej	laminatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laminatowej	laminatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laminatowej	laminatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laminatowe	laminatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laminatowe	laminatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laminatowe	laminatowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laminatowe	laminatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laminatowemu	laminatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminatowi	laminatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laminatowo	laminatowy	adja		
laminatowych	laminatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laminatowych	laminatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminatowych	laminatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminatowy	laminatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laminatowy	laminatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laminatowymi	laminatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminatowym	laminatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laminatowym	laminatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminatowym	laminatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laminektomiach	laminektomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomia	laminektomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomiami	laminektomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomią	laminektomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomie	laminektomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomie	laminektomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomie	laminektomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomię	laminektomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomii	laminektomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laminektomii	laminektomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomii	laminektomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomii	laminektomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomij	laminektomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laminektomio	laminektomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminektomiom	laminektomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laminować	laminować	inf:imperf		
laminowaliby	laminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laminowalibyście	laminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laminowalibyśmy	laminować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laminowali	laminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
laminowali	laminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laminowaliście	laminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laminowaliśmy	laminować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laminowałaby	laminować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laminowałabym	laminować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laminowałabyś	laminować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laminowała	laminować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
laminowała	laminować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laminowałam	laminować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laminowałaś	laminować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laminowałby	laminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laminowałbym	laminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laminowałbyś	laminować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laminowałem	laminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laminowałeś	laminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laminował	laminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
laminował	laminować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laminowałoby	laminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laminowałobym	laminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laminowałobyś	laminować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laminowało	laminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
laminowało	laminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laminowałom	laminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laminowałoś	laminować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laminowałyby	laminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laminowałybyście	laminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laminowałybyśmy	laminować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laminowały	laminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
laminowały	laminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laminowałyście	laminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laminowałyśmy	laminować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laminowana	laminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laminowaną	laminować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laminowanego	laminować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laminowanego	laminować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminowanej	laminować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laminowane	laminować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminowane	laminować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminowanemu	laminować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminowaniach	laminować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowania	laminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowania	laminować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowaniami	laminować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowanie	laminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowaniem	laminować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowani	laminować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laminowaniom	laminować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowaniu	laminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laminowano	laminować	imps:imperf		
laminowanych	laminować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laminowanych	laminować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminowany	laminować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laminowany	laminować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laminowanymi	laminować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminowanym	laminować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminowanym	laminować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminowań	laminować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laminująca	laminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laminującą	laminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laminującego	laminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laminującego	laminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminującej	laminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laminujące	laminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminujące	laminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminującemu	laminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminując	laminować	pcon:imperf		
laminująco	laminować	pacta		
laminujących	laminować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laminujących	laminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminujący	laminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laminujący	laminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laminujący	laminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laminującymi	laminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminującym	laminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laminującym	laminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laminują	laminować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
laminujcie	laminować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
laminujecie	laminować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
laminuje	laminować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
laminujemy	laminować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
laminujesz	laminować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
laminuję	laminować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
laminuj	laminować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
laminujmy	laminować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lamce	lamka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamce	lamka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamek	lamka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamkach	lamka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamka	lamka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamkami	lamka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamką	lamka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamkę	lamka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamki	lamka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamki	lamka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamki	lamka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamki	lamka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamko	lamka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamkom	lamka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamnach	lamna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamna	lamna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamnami	lamna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamną	lamna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamnę	lamna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamnie	lamna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamnie	lamna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamn	lamna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamno	lamna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamnom	lamna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamny	lamna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamny	lamna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamny	lamna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamny	lamna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamować	lamować	inf:imperf		
lamowaliby	lamować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lamowalibyście	lamować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lamowalibyśmy	lamować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lamowali	lamować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lamowali	lamować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lamowaliście	lamować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lamowaliśmy	lamować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lamowałaby	lamować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lamowałabym	lamować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lamowałabyś	lamować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lamowała	lamować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lamowała	lamować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lamowałam	lamować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lamowałaś	lamować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lamowałby	lamować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lamowałbym	lamować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lamowałbyś	lamować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lamowałem	lamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lamowałeś	lamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lamował	lamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lamował	lamować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lamowałoby	lamować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lamowałobym	lamować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lamowałobyś	lamować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lamowało	lamować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lamowało	lamować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lamowałom	lamować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lamowałoś	lamować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lamowałyby	lamować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lamowałybyście	lamować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lamowałybyśmy	lamować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lamowały	lamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lamowały	lamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lamowałyście	lamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lamowałyśmy	lamować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lamowana	lamować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lamowaną	lamować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lamowanego	lamować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lamowanego	lamować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamowanej	lamować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lamowane	lamować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamowane	lamować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamowanemu	lamować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamowaniach	lamować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowania	lamować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowania	lamować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowaniami	lamować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowanie	lamować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowaniem	lamować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowani	lamować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamowaniom	lamować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowaniu	lamować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lamowano	lamować	imps:imperf		
lamowanych	lamować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamowanych	lamować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamowany	lamować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lamowany	lamować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lamowanymi	lamować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamowanym	lamować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamowanym	lamować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamowań	lamować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lamująca	lamować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lamującą	lamować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lamującego	lamować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lamującego	lamować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamującej	lamować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lamujące	lamować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamujące	lamować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamującemu	lamować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamując	lamować	pcon:imperf		
lamująco	lamować	pacta		
lamujących	lamować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamujących	lamować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamujący	lamować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lamujący	lamować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lamujący	lamować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lamującymi	lamować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamującym	lamować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lamującym	lamować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lamują	lamować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lamujcie	lamować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lamujecie	lamować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lamuje	lamować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lamujemy	lamować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lamujesz	lamować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lamuję	lamować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lamuj	lamować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lamujmy	lamować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lamowaniach	lamowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowania	lamowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowania	lamowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowania	lamowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowania	lamowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowaniami	lamowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowanie	lamowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowanie	lamowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowanie	lamowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowaniem	lamowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowaniom	lamowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowaniu	lamowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowaniu	lamowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowań	lamowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lamowościach	lamowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowościami	lamowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowością	lamowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowości	lamowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowościom	lamowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowość	lamowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowość	lamowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamowa	lamowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lamową	lamowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lamową	lamowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lamowego	lamowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lamowego	lamowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamowej	lamowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lamowej	lamowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lamowej	lamowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lamowe	lamowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamowe	lamowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamowe	lamowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lamowe	lamowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lamowemu	lamowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamowi	lamowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lamowo	lamowy	adja		
lamowych	lamowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lamowych	lamowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamowych	lamowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamowy	lamowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lamowy	lamowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lamowymi	lamowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamowym	lamowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamowym	lamowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamowym	lamowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamówce	lamówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówce	lamówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówek	lamówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówkach	lamówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówka	lamówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówkami	lamówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówką	lamówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówkę	lamówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówki	lamówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówki	lamówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówki	lamówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówki	lamówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówko	lamówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamówkom	lamówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampach	lampa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampa	lampa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampami	lampa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampą	lampa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampę	lampa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampie	lampa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampie	lampa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamp	lampa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampo	lampa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampom	lampa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampy	lampa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampy	lampa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampy	lampa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampy	lampa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcia	lamparci	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lamparcią	lamparci	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lamparcią	lamparci	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lamparcich	lamparci	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lamparcich	lamparci	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamparcich	lamparci	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamparciego	lamparci	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lamparciego	lamparci	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamparciej	lamparci	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lamparciej	lamparci	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lamparciej	lamparci	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lamparcie	lamparci	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamparcie	lamparci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lamparcie	lamparci	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lamparcie	lamparci	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lamparciemu	lamparci	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamparci	lamparci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lamparci	lamparci	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lamparci	lamparci	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lamparcimi	lamparci	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamparcim	lamparci	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lamparcim	lamparci	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamparcim	lamparci	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lamparcio	lamparci	adja		
lamparcicach	lamparcica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcica	lamparcica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcicami	lamparcica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcicą	lamparcica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcice	lamparcica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcice	lamparcica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcice	lamparcica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcicę	lamparcica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcic	lamparcica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcico	lamparcica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcicom	lamparcica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcicy	lamparcica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcicy	lamparcica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcicy	lamparcica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparcio	lamparcio	adv:pos		rzad.
lamparciościach	lamparciość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciościami	lamparciość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciością	lamparciość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciości	lamparciość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciościom	lamparciość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciość	lamparciość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparciość	lamparciość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamparteriach	lamparteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparteria	lamparteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparteriami	lamparteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterią	lamparteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterie	lamparteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterie	lamparteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterie	lamparteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterię	lamparteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterii	lamparteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
lamparterii	lamparteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterii	lamparteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterii	lamparteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparterio	lamparteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparteriom	lamparteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparteryj	lamparteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
lampartce	lampartka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartce	lampartka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartek	lampartka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartkach	lampartka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartka	lampartka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartkami	lampartka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartką	lampartka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartkę	lampartka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartki	lampartka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartki	lampartka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartki	lampartka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartki	lampartka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartko	lampartka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartkom	lampartka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartować	lampartować	inf:imperf		przest.
lampartowaliby	lampartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowalibyście	lampartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowalibyśmy	lampartować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowali	lampartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
lampartowali	lampartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowaliście	lampartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowaliśmy	lampartować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowałaby	lampartować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałabym	lampartować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowałabyś	lampartować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowała	lampartować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
lampartowała	lampartować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałam	lampartować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowałaś	lampartować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowałby	lampartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałbym	lampartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowałbyś	lampartować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowałem	lampartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowałeś	lampartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartował	lampartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
lampartował	lampartować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałoby	lampartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałobym	lampartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowałobyś	lampartować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowało	lampartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
lampartowało	lampartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałom	lampartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowałoś	lampartować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowałyby	lampartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałybyście	lampartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowałybyśmy	lampartować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowały	lampartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
lampartowały	lampartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartowałyście	lampartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartowałyśmy	lampartować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowaniach	lampartować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowania	lampartować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowania	lampartować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowaniami	lampartować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowanie	lampartować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowaniem	lampartować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowaniom	lampartować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowaniu	lampartować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartowano	lampartować	imps:imperf		przest.
lampartowań	lampartować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lampartująca	lampartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lampartującą	lampartować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lampartującego	lampartować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lampartującego	lampartować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lampartującej	lampartować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lampartujące	lampartować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lampartujące	lampartować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lampartującemu	lampartować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lampartując	lampartować	pcon:imperf		przest.
lampartująco	lampartować	pacta		
lampartujących	lampartować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lampartujących	lampartować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lampartujący	lampartować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lampartujący	lampartować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lampartujący	lampartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lampartującymi	lampartować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lampartującym	lampartować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lampartującym	lampartować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lampartują	lampartować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartujcie	lampartować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartujecie	lampartować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartuje	lampartować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
lampartujemy	lampartować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartujesz	lampartować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartuję	lampartować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartuj	lampartować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
lampartujmy	lampartować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
lampartowościach	lampartowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowościami	lampartowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowością	lampartowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowości	lampartowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowościom	lampartowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowość	lampartowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowość	lampartowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampartowa	lampartowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lampartową	lampartowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lampartową	lampartowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lampartowego	lampartowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lampartowego	lampartowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lampartowej	lampartowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lampartowej	lampartowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lampartowej	lampartowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lampartowe	lampartowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lampartowe	lampartowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lampartowe	lampartowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lampartowe	lampartowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lampartowemu	lampartowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lampartowi	lampartowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lampartowo	lampartowy	adja		daw.
lampartowych	lampartowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lampartowych	lampartowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lampartowych	lampartowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lampartowy	lampartowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lampartowy	lampartowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lampartowymi	lampartowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lampartowym	lampartowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lampartowym	lampartowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lampartowym	lampartowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lamparcie	lampart:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamparcie	lampart:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampartach	lampart:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamparta	lampart:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamparta	lampart:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampartami	lampart:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampartem	lampart:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampart	lampart:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampartom	lampart:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampartowi	lampart:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampartów	lampart:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamparty	lampart:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamparty	lampart:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamparty	lampart:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamparcie	lampart:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparcie	lampart:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartach	lampart:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparta	lampart:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparta	lampart:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartami	lampart:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartem	lampart:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampart	lampart:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartom	lampart:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartowie	lampart:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartowie	lampart:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartowi	lampart:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartów	lampart:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampartów	lampart:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparty	lampart:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamparty	lampart:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lampasach	lampas	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasa	lampas	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasami	lampas	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasem	lampas	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasie	lampas	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasie	lampas	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampas	lampas	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampas	lampas	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasom	lampas	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasowi	lampas	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasów	lampas	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasy	lampas	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasy	lampas	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampasy	lampas	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampczynach	lampczyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyna	lampczyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczynami	lampczyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyną	lampczyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczynę	lampczyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczynie	lampczyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczynie	lampczyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyn	lampczyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyno	lampczyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczynom	lampczyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyny	lampczyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyny	lampczyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyny	lampczyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampczyny	lampczyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczce	lampeczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczce	lampeczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczek	lampeczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczkach	lampeczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczka	lampeczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczkami	lampeczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczką	lampeczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczkę	lampeczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczki	lampeczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczki	lampeczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczki	lampeczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczki	lampeczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczko	lampeczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampeczkom	lampeczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperiach	lamperia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperia	lamperia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperiami	lamperia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperią	lamperia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperie	lamperia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperie	lamperia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperie	lamperia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperię	lamperia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperii	lamperia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lamperii	lamperia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperii	lamperia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperii	lamperia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperio	lamperia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperiom	lamperia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lamperyj	lamperia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lampiarniach	lampiarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarnia	lampiarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarniami	lampiarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarnią	lampiarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarnie	lampiarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarnie	lampiarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarnie	lampiarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarnię	lampiarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarni	lampiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lampiarni	lampiarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarni	lampiarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarni	lampiarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarnio	lampiarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarniom	lampiarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarń	lampiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lampiarscy	lampiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lampiarska	lampiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lampiarską	lampiarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lampiarską	lampiarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lampiarskich	lampiarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lampiarskich	lampiarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampiarskich	lampiarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampiarskiego	lampiarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lampiarskiego	lampiarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampiarskiej	lampiarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lampiarskiej	lampiarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lampiarskiej	lampiarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lampiarskie	lampiarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lampiarskie	lampiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lampiarskie	lampiarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lampiarskie	lampiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lampiarskiemu	lampiarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampiarski	lampiarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lampiarski	lampiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lampiarskimi	lampiarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampiarskim	lampiarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampiarskim	lampiarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampiarskim	lampiarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampiarsko	lampiarski	adja		
lampiarsku	lampiarski	adjp		
lampiarsko	lampiarsko	adv:pos		
lampiarskościach	lampiarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskościami	lampiarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskością	lampiarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskości	lampiarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskościom	lampiarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskość	lampiarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarskość	lampiarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzach	lampiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzach	lampiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarza	lampiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarza	lampiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarza	lampiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarza	lampiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzami	lampiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzami	lampiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarze	lampiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarze	lampiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarze	lampiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarze	lampiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarze	lampiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarze	lampiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarze	lampiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarze	lampiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzem	lampiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzem	lampiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarz	lampiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarz	lampiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzom	lampiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzom	lampiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzowi	lampiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzowi	lampiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzów	lampiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzów	lampiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzu	lampiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzu	lampiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzu	lampiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzu	lampiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lampiarzy	lampiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampiarzy	lampiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lampionach	lampion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionami	lampion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionem	lampion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionie	lampion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionie	lampion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampion	lampion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampion	lampion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionom	lampion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionowi	lampion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionów	lampion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionu	lampion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampiony	lampion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampiony	lampion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampiony	lampion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampionowo	lampionowo	adv:pos		
lampionowa	lampionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lampionową	lampionowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lampionową	lampionowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lampionowego	lampionowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lampionowego	lampionowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampionowej	lampionowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lampionowej	lampionowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lampionowej	lampionowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lampionowe	lampionowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lampionowe	lampionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lampionowe	lampionowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lampionowe	lampionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lampionowemu	lampionowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampionowi	lampionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lampionowo	lampionowy	adja		
lampionowych	lampionowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lampionowych	lampionowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampionowych	lampionowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampionowy	lampionowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lampionowy	lampionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lampionowymi	lampionowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampionowym	lampionowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampionowym	lampionowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampionowym	lampionowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampce	lampka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampce	lampka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampek	lampka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampkach	lampka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampka	lampka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampkami	lampka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampką	lampka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampkę	lampka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampki	lampka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampki	lampka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampki	lampka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampki	lampka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampko	lampka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampkom	lampka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowniach	lampownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampownia	lampownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowniami	lampownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampownią	lampownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampownie	lampownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampownie	lampownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampownie	lampownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampownię	lampownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowni	lampownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowni	lampownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowni	lampownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowni	lampownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampownio	lampownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowniom	lampownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowościach	lampowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowościami	lampowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowością	lampowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowości	lampowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowościom	lampowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowość	lampowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowość	lampowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lampowa	lampowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lampową	lampowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lampową	lampowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lampowego	lampowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lampowego	lampowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampowej	lampowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lampowej	lampowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lampowej	lampowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lampowe	lampowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lampowe	lampowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lampowe	lampowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lampowe	lampowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lampowemu	lampowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampowi	lampowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lampowo	lampowy	adja		
lampowych	lampowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lampowych	lampowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampowych	lampowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampowy	lampowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lampowy	lampowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lampowymi	lampowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampowym	lampowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lampowym	lampowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampowym	lampowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lampredach	lampreda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampreda	lampreda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredami	lampreda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredą	lampreda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredę	lampreda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampred	lampreda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredo	lampreda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredom	lampreda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredy	lampreda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredy	lampreda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredy	lampreda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredy	lampreda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredzie	lampreda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lampredzie	lampreda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lamprofirach	lamprofir	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofirami	lamprofir	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofirem	lamprofir	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofir	lamprofir	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofir	lamprofir	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofirom	lamprofir	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofirowi	lamprofir	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofirów	lamprofir	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofiru	lamprofir	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofiry	lamprofir	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofiry	lamprofir	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofiry	lamprofir	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofirze	lamprofir	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamprofirze	lamprofir	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lampucerach	lampucera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucera	lampucera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucerami	lampucera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucerą	lampucera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucerę	lampucera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucer	lampucera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucero	lampucera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucerom	lampucera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucery	lampucera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucery	lampucera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucery	lampucera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucery	lampucera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucerze	lampucera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampucerze	lampucera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	slang
lampuszce	lampuszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszce	lampuszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszek	lampuszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszkach	lampuszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszka	lampuszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszkami	lampuszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszką	lampuszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszkę	lampuszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszki	lampuszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszki	lampuszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszki	lampuszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszki	lampuszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszko	lampuszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lampuszkom	lampuszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lamusek	lamusek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusek	lamusek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuskach	lamusek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuska	lamusek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuskami	lamusek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuskiem	lamusek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuski	lamusek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuski	lamusek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuski	lamusek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuskom	lamusek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamuskowi	lamusek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusków	lamusek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusku	lamusek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusku	lamusek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusikach	lamusik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusika	lamusik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusikami	lamusik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusikiem	lamusik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusiki	lamusik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusiki	lamusik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusiki	lamusik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusik	lamusik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusik	lamusik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusikom	lamusik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusikowi	lamusik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusików	lamusik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusiku	lamusik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusiku	lamusik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lamusach	lamus:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusa	lamus:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusami	lamus:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusem	lamus:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusie	lamus:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusie	lamus:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamus	lamus:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamus	lamus:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusom	lamus:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusowi	lamus:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusów	lamus:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusy	lamus:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusy	lamus:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusy	lamus:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lamusach	lamus:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusa	lamus:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusa	lamus:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusami	lamus:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusem	lamus:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusie	lamus:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusie	lamus:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusi	lamus:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusi	lamus:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamus	lamus:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusom	lamus:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusowi	lamus:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusów	lamus:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusów	lamus:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusy	lamus:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lamusy	lamus:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanametrach	lanametr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametrami	lanametr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametrem	lanametr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametr	lanametr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametr	lanametr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametrom	lanametr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametrowi	lanametr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametrów	lanametr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametru	lanametr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametry	lanametr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametry	lanametr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametry	lanametr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametrze	lanametr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanametrze	lanametr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lancach	lanca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanca	lanca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancami	lanca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancą	lanca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lance	lanca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lance	lanca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lance	lanca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancę	lanca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanc	lanca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanco	lanca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancom	lanca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancy	lanca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancy	lanca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancy	lanca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancerach	lancer	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancera	lancer	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancera	lancer	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancerami	lancer	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancerem	lancer	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancer	lancer	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancerom	lancer	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancerowi	lancer	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancerów	lancer	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancery	lancer	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancery	lancer	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancery	lancer	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancerze	lancer	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancerze	lancer	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancecie	lancet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancecie	lancet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetach	lancet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetami	lancet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetem	lancet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancet	lancet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancet	lancet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetom	lancet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetowi	lancet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetów	lancet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetu	lancet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancety	lancet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancety	lancet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancety	lancet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	med.
lancetnikach	lancetnik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetnika	lancetnik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetnika	lancetnik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetnikami	lancetnik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetnikiem	lancetnik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetniki	lancetnik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetniki	lancetnik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetniki	lancetnik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetnik	lancetnik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetnikom	lancetnik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetnikowi	lancetnik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetników	lancetnik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetniku	lancetnik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetniku	lancetnik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatościach	lancetowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatościami	lancetowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatością	lancetowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatości	lancetowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatościom	lancetowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatość	lancetowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowatość	lancetowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancetowaci	lancetowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lancetowata	lancetowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lancetowatą	lancetowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lancetowatą	lancetowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lancetowatego	lancetowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lancetowatego	lancetowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lancetowatej	lancetowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lancetowatej	lancetowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lancetowatej	lancetowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lancetowate	lancetowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lancetowate	lancetowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lancetowate	lancetowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lancetowate	lancetowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lancetowatemu	lancetowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lancetowato	lancetowaty	adja		
lancetowatych	lancetowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lancetowatych	lancetowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancetowatych	lancetowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancetowaty	lancetowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lancetowaty	lancetowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lancetowatymi	lancetowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancetowatym	lancetowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancetowatym	lancetowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lancetowatym	lancetowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanciach	lancia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancia	lancia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanciami	lancia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancią	lancia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancie	lancia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancie	lancia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancie	lancia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancię	lancia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancii	lancia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lancii	lancia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancii	lancia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancii	lancia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancio	lancia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanciom	lancia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancyj	lancia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lancknechcie	lancknecht	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechcie	lancknecht	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechci	lancknecht	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechci	lancknecht	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechtach	lancknecht	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechta	lancknecht	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechta	lancknecht	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechtami	lancknecht	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechtem	lancknecht	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknecht	lancknecht	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechtom	lancknecht	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechtowi	lancknecht	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechtów	lancknecht	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechtów	lancknecht	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechty	lancknecht	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lancknechty	lancknecht	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońscy	lanckoroński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lanckorońska	lanckoroński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lanckorońską	lanckoroński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lanckorońską	lanckoroński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lanckorońskich	lanckoroński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lanckorońskich	lanckoroński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanckorońskich	lanckoroński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanckorońskiego	lanckoroński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lanckorońskiego	lanckoroński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanckorońskiej	lanckoroński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lanckorońskiej	lanckoroński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lanckorońskiej	lanckoroński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lanckorońskie	lanckoroński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lanckorońskie	lanckoroński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lanckorońskie	lanckoroński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lanckorońskie	lanckoroński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lanckorońskiemu	lanckoroński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanckoroński	lanckoroński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lanckoroński	lanckoroński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lanckorońskimi	lanckoroński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanckorońskim	lanckoroński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanckorońskim	lanckoroński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanckorońskim	lanckoroński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanckorońsko	lanckoroński	adja		
lanckorońsku	lanckoroński	adjp		
lanckorońsko	lanckorońsko	adv:pos		
lanckorońskościach	lanckorońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskościami	lanckorońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskością	lanckorońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskości	lanckorońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskościom	lanckorońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskość	lanckorońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanckorońskość	lanckorońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowościach	lancowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowościami	lancowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowością	lancowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowości	lancowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowościom	lancowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowość	lancowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowość	lancowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lancowa	lancowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lancową	lancowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lancową	lancowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lancowego	lancowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lancowego	lancowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lancowej	lancowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lancowej	lancowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lancowej	lancowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lancowe	lancowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lancowe	lancowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lancowe	lancowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lancowe	lancowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lancowemu	lancowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lancowi	lancowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lancowo	lancowy	adja		
lancowych	lancowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lancowych	lancowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancowych	lancowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancowy	lancowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lancowy	lancowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lancowymi	lancowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancowym	lancowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lancowym	lancowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lancowym	lancowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lancusiach	lancuś	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusia	lancuś	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusia	lancuś	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiami	lancuś	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusie	lancuś	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusie	lancuś	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusie	lancuś	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusie	lancuś	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiem	lancuś	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiom	lancuś	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiowi	lancuś	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiów	lancuś	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiów	lancuś	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiu	lancuś	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancusiu	lancuś	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lancuś	lancuś	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|żart.
lanczach	lancz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczami	lancz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lancze	lancz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lancze	lancz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lancze	lancz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczem	lancz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lancz	lancz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lancz	lancz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczom	lancz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczowi	lancz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczów	lancz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczu	lancz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczu	lancz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanczu	lancz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landach	land	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landami	land	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landem	land	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
land	land	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
land	land	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landom	land	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landowi	land	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landów	land	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landu	land	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landy	land	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landy	land	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landy	land	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landzie	land	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landzie	land	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landarach	landara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landara	landara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landarami	landara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landarą	landara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landarę	landara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landar	landara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landaro	landara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landarom	landara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landary	landara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landary	landara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landary	landara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landary	landara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landarze	landara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landarze	landara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafach	landgraf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafa	landgraf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafa	landgraf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafami	landgraf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafem	landgraf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafie	landgraf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafie	landgraf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgraf	landgraf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafom	landgraf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafowie	landgraf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafowie	landgraf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafowi	landgraf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafów	landgraf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafów	landgraf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafy	landgraf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landgrafy	landgraf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerach	ländler	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlera	ländler	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlera	ländler	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerami	ländler	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerem	ländler	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländler	ländler	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerom	ländler	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerowi	ländler	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerów	ländler	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlery	ländler	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlery	ländler	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlery	ländler	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerze	ländler	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ländlerze	ländler	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landach	lando	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landa	lando	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landa	lando	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landa	lando	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landa	lando	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landami	lando	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landem	lando	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
land	lando	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lando	lando	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lando	lando	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lando	lando	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landom	lando	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landu	lando	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landzie	lando	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
landolecie	landolet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landolecie	landolet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landoletach	landolet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landoletami	landolet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landoletem	landolet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landolet	landolet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landolet	landolet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landoletom	landolet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landoletowi	landolet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landoletów	landolet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landoletu	landolet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landolety	landolet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landolety	landolet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landolety	landolet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landolfiach	landolfia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfia	landolfia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfiami	landolfia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfią	landolfia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfie	landolfia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfie	landolfia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfie	landolfia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfię	landolfia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfii	landolfia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
landolfii	landolfia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfii	landolfia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfii	landolfia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfij	landolfia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
landolfio	landolfia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landolfiom	landolfia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowościach	landowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowościami	landowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowością	landowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowości	landowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowościom	landowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowość	landowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowość	landowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landowa	landowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
landową	landowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
landową	landowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
landowego	landowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
landowego	landowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landowej	landowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
landowej	landowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
landowej	landowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
landowe	landowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landowe	landowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landowe	landowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
landowe	landowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
landowemu	landowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landowi	landowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
landowo	landowy	adja		
landowych	landowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
landowych	landowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landowych	landowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landowy	landowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
landowy	landowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
landowymi	landowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landowym	landowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landowym	landowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landowym	landowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landracie	landrat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landracie	landrat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landraci	landrat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landraci	landrat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landratach	landrat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landrata	landrat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landrata	landrat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landratami	landrat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landratem	landrat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landrat	landrat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landratom	landrat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landratowi	landrat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landratów	landrat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landratów	landrat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landraty	landrat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landraty	landrat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landratowościach	landratowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowościami	landratowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowością	landratowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowości	landratowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowościom	landratowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowość	landratowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowość	landratowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratowa	landratowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
landratową	landratowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
landratową	landratowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
landratowego	landratowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
landratowego	landratowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landratowej	landratowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
landratowej	landratowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
landratowej	landratowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
landratowe	landratowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landratowe	landratowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landratowe	landratowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
landratowe	landratowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
landratowemu	landratowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landratowi	landratowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
landratowo	landratowy	adja		
landratowych	landratowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
landratowych	landratowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landratowych	landratowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landratowy	landratowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
landratowy	landratowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
landratowymi	landratowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landratowym	landratowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landratowym	landratowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landratowym	landratowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landraturach	landratura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratura	landratura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landraturami	landratura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landraturą	landratura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landraturę	landratura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratur	landratura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landraturo	landratura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landraturom	landratura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratury	landratura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratury	landratura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratury	landratura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landratury	landratura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landraturze	landratura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landraturze	landratura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landroverach	landrover	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landrovera	landrover	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landrovera	landrover	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landroverami	landrover	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landroverem	landrover	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landrover	landrover	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landroverom	landrover	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landroverowi	landrover	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landroverów	landrover	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landrovery	landrover	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landrovery	landrover	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landrovery	landrover	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landroverze	landrover	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landroverze	landrover	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landrynach	landryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryna	landryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynami	landryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryną	landryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynę	landryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynie	landryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynie	landryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryn	landryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryno	landryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynom	landryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryny	landryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryny	landryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryny	landryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landryny	landryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynce	landrynka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynce	landrynka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynek	landrynka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkach	landrynka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynka	landrynka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkami	landrynka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynką	landrynka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkę	landrynka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynki	landrynka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynki	landrynka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynki	landrynka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynki	landrynka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynko	landrynka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkom	landrynka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatościach	landrynkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatościami	landrynkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatością	landrynkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatości	landrynkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatościom	landrynkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatość	landrynkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowatość	landrynkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowaci	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
landrynkowata	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
landrynkowatą	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
landrynkowatą	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
landrynkowatego	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
landrynkowatego	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowatej	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
landrynkowatej	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
landrynkowatej	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
landrynkowate	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowate	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowate	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowate	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowatemu	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowato	landrynkowaty	adja		
landrynkowatych	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
landrynkowatych	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowatych	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowaty	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
landrynkowaty	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
landrynkowatymi	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowatym	landrynkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowatym	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowatym	landrynkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowościach	landrynkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowościami	landrynkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowością	landrynkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowości	landrynkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowościom	landrynkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowość	landrynkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowość	landrynkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landrynkowa	landrynkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
landrynkową	landrynkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
landrynkową	landrynkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
landrynkowego	landrynkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
landrynkowego	landrynkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowej	landrynkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
landrynkowej	landrynkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
landrynkowej	landrynkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
landrynkowe	landrynkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowe	landrynkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowe	landrynkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowe	landrynkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowemu	landrynkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowi	landrynkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
landrynkowo	landrynkowy	adja		
landrynkowych	landrynkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
landrynkowych	landrynkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowych	landrynkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowy	landrynkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
landrynkowy	landrynkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
landrynkowymi	landrynkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowym	landrynkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landrynkowym	landrynkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landrynkowym	landrynkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landsberscy	landsberski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
landsberska	landsberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
landsberską	landsberski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
landsberską	landsberski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
landsberskich	landsberski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
landsberskich	landsberski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landsberskich	landsberski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landsberskiego	landsberski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
landsberskiego	landsberski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landsberskiej	landsberski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
landsberskiej	landsberski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
landsberskiej	landsberski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
landsberskie	landsberski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landsberskie	landsberski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
landsberskie	landsberski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
landsberskie	landsberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
landsberskiemu	landsberski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landsberski	landsberski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
landsberski	landsberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
landsberskimi	landsberski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landsberskim	landsberski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
landsberskim	landsberski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landsberskim	landsberski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
landsbersko	landsberski	adja		
landsbersku	landsberski	adjp		
landsbersko	landsbersko	adv:pos		
landsberskościach	landsberskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskościami	landsberskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskością	landsberskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskości	landsberskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskościom	landsberskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskość	landsberskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsberskość	landsberskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechcikach	landsknechcik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcika	landsknechcik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcika	landsknechcik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcikami	landsknechcik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcikiem	landsknechcik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechciki	landsknechcik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechciki	landsknechcik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcik	landsknechcik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcikom	landsknechcik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcikowie	landsknechcik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcikowie	landsknechcik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcikowi	landsknechcik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcików	landsknechcik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcików	landsknechcik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechciku	landsknechcik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechciku	landsknechcik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
landsknechcie	landsknecht	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechcie	landsknecht	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechci	landsknecht	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechci	landsknecht	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechtach	landsknecht	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechta	landsknecht	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechta	landsknecht	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechtami	landsknecht	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechtem	landsknecht	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknecht	landsknecht	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechtom	landsknecht	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechtowi	landsknecht	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechtów	landsknecht	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechtów	landsknecht	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechty	landsknecht	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landsknechty	landsknecht	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcikach	landszafcik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcikami	landszafcik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcikiem	landszafcik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafciki	landszafcik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafciki	landszafcik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafciki	landszafcik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcik	landszafcik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcik	landszafcik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcikom	landszafcik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcikowi	landszafcik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcików	landszafcik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafciku	landszafcik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafciku	landszafcik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafciku	landszafcik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landszafcie	landszaft	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszafcie	landszaft	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftach	landszaft	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftami	landszaft	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftem	landszaft	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaft	landszaft	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaft	landszaft	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftom	landszaft	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowi	landszaft	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftów	landszaft	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftu	landszaft	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszafty	landszaft	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszafty	landszaft	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszafty	landszaft	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszafcie	landszafta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszafcie	landszafta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszaftach	landszafta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszafta	landszafta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszaftami	landszafta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszaftą	landszafta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszaftę	landszafta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszaft	landszafta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszafto	landszafta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszaftom	landszafta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszafty	landszafta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszafty	landszafta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszafty	landszafta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszafty	landszafta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszaftowościach	landszaftowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowościami	landszaftowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowością	landszaftowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowości	landszaftowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowościom	landszaftowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowość	landszaftowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowość	landszaftowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
landszaftowa	landszaftowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
landszaftową	landszaftowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
landszaftową	landszaftowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
landszaftowego	landszaftowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
landszaftowego	landszaftowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
landszaftowej	landszaftowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
landszaftowej	landszaftowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
landszaftowej	landszaftowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
landszaftowe	landszaftowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
landszaftowe	landszaftowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
landszaftowe	landszaftowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
landszaftowe	landszaftowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
landszaftowemu	landszaftowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
landszaftowi	landszaftowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
landszaftowo	landszaftowy	adja		przest.
landszaftowych	landszaftowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
landszaftowych	landszaftowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
landszaftowych	landszaftowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
landszaftowy	landszaftowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
landszaftowy	landszaftowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
landszaftowymi	landszaftowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
landszaftowym	landszaftowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
landszaftowym	landszaftowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
landszaftowym	landszaftowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
landszturmach	landszturm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmami	landszturm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmem	landszturm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmie	landszturm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmie	landszturm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturm	landszturm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturm	landszturm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmom	landszturm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmowi	landszturm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmów	landszturm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmu	landszturm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmy	landszturm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmy	landszturm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmy	landszturm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmistach	landszturmista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmista	landszturmista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmistami	landszturmista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmistą	landszturmista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmistę	landszturmista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmisto	landszturmista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmistom	landszturmista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmistów	landszturmista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmistów	landszturmista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmisty	landszturmista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmisty	landszturmista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmisty	landszturmista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmiście	landszturmista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmiście	landszturmista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmiści	landszturmista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landszturmiści	landszturmista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
landtagach	landtag	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagami	landtag	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagiem	landtag	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagi	landtag	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagi	landtag	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagi	landtag	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtag	landtag	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtag	landtag	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagom	landtag	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagowi	landtag	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagów	landtag	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagu	landtag	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagu	landtag	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landtagu	landtag	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
landwerach	landwera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwera	landwera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwerami	landwera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwerą	landwera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwerę	landwera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwer	landwera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwero	landwera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwerom	landwera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwery	landwera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwery	landwera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwery	landwera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwery	landwera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwerze	landwera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwerze	landwera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
landwerystach	landwerysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerysta	landwerysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerystami	landwerysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerystą	landwerysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerystę	landwerysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerysto	landwerysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerystom	landwerysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerystów	landwerysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerystów	landwerysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerysty	landwerysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landwerysty	landwerysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landwerysty	landwerysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landweryście	landwerysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landweryście	landwerysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landweryści	landwerysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landweryści	landwerysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzystach	landwerzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzysta	landwerzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzystami	landwerzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzystą	landwerzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzystę	landwerzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzysto	landwerzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzystom	landwerzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzystów	landwerzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzystów	landwerzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzysty	landwerzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzysty	landwerzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzysty	landwerzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzyście	landwerzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzyście	landwerzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzyści	landwerzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landwerzyści	landwerzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
landach	landy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
landami	landy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
landom	landy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
landów	landy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
landy	landy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
landy	landy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
landy	landy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	geogr.
langbajnicie	langbajnit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnicie	langbajnit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnitach	langbajnit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnitami	langbajnit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnitem	langbajnit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnit	langbajnit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnit	langbajnit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnitom	langbajnit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnitowi	langbajnit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnitów	langbajnit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnitu	langbajnit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnity	langbajnit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnity	langbajnit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langbajnity	langbajnit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
langskipach	langskip	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipami	langskip	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipem	langskip	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipie	langskip	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipie	langskip	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskip	langskip	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskip	langskip	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipom	langskip	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipowi	langskip	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipów	langskip	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipu	langskip	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipy	langskip	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipy	langskip	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langskipy	langskip	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
langurach	langur	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langura	langur	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langura	langur	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langurami	langur	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langurem	langur	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langur	langur	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langurom	langur	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langurowi	langur	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langurów	langur	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langury	langur	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langury	langur	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langury	langur	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langurze	langur	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langurze	langur	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
langustach	langusta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langusta	langusta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
langustami	langusta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
langustą	langusta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
langustę	langusta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langust	langusta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
langusto	langusta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langustom	langusta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
langusty	langusta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langusty	langusta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
langusty	langusta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langusty	langusta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
languście	langusta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
languście	langusta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedoccy	langwedocki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
langwedocka	langwedocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
langwedocką	langwedocki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
langwedocką	langwedocki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
langwedockich	langwedocki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
langwedockich	langwedocki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
langwedockich	langwedocki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
langwedockiego	langwedocki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
langwedockiego	langwedocki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
langwedockiej	langwedocki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
langwedockiej	langwedocki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
langwedockiej	langwedocki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
langwedockie	langwedocki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
langwedockie	langwedocki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
langwedockie	langwedocki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
langwedockie	langwedocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
langwedockiemu	langwedocki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
langwedocki	langwedocki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
langwedocki	langwedocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
langwedockimi	langwedocki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
langwedockim	langwedocki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
langwedockim	langwedocki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
langwedockim	langwedocki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
langwedocko	langwedocki	adja		
langwedocku	langwedocki	adjp		
langwedocko	langwedocko	adv:pos		
langwedockościach	langwedockość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockościami	langwedockość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockością	langwedockość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockości	langwedockość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockościom	langwedockość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockość	langwedockość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
langwedockość	langwedockość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laniach	lanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lania	lanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lania	lanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lania	lanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lania	lanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laniami	lanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lanie	lanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lanie	lanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lanie	lanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laniem	lanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laniom	lanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laniu	lanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laniu	lanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lań	lanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lanistach	lanista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanista	lanista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanistami	lanista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanistą	lanista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanistę	lanista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanisto	lanista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanistom	lanista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanistów	lanista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanistów	lanista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanisty	lanista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanisty	lanista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanisty	lanista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laniście	lanista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laniście	lanista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laniści	lanista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laniści	lanista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalach	lanital	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalami	lanital	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitale	lanital	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitale	lanital	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitale	lanital	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalem	lanital	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitali	lanital	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanital	lanital	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanital	lanital	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalom	lanital	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalowi	lanital	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalów	lanital	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalu	lanital	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalu	lanital	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lanitalu	lanital	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lance	lanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lance	lanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanek	lanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankach	lanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanka	lanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankami	lanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanką	lanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankę	lanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanki	lanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanki	lanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanki	lanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanki	lanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanko	lanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankom	lanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówce	lankastrówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówce	lankastrówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówek	lankastrówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówkach	lankastrówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówka	lankastrówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówkami	lankastrówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówką	lankastrówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówkę	lankastrówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówki	lankastrówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówki	lankastrówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówki	lankastrówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówki	lankastrówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówko	lankastrówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankastrówkom	lankastrówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijscy	lankijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lankijska	lankijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lankijską	lankijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lankijską	lankijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lankijskich	lankijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lankijskich	lankijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lankijskich	lankijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lankijskiego	lankijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lankijskiego	lankijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lankijskiej	lankijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lankijskiej	lankijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lankijskiej	lankijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lankijskie	lankijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lankijskie	lankijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lankijskie	lankijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lankijskie	lankijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lankijskiemu	lankijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lankijski	lankijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lankijski	lankijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lankijskimi	lankijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lankijskim	lankijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lankijskim	lankijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lankijskim	lankijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lankijsko	lankijski	adja		
lankijsku	lankijski	adjp		
lankijsko	lankijsko	adv:pos		
lankijskościach	lankijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskościami	lankijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskością	lankijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskości	lankijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskościom	lankijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskość	lankijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lankijskość	lankijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinach	lanolina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolina	lanolina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinami	lanolina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanoliną	lanolina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinę	lanolina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinie	lanolina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinie	lanolina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolin	lanolina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolino	lanolina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinom	lanolina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanoliny	lanolina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanoliny	lanolina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanoliny	lanolina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanoliny	lanolina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowościach	lanolinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowościami	lanolinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowością	lanolinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowości	lanolinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowościom	lanolinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowość	lanolinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowość	lanolinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lanolinowa	lanolinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lanolinową	lanolinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lanolinową	lanolinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lanolinowego	lanolinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lanolinowego	lanolinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanolinowej	lanolinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lanolinowej	lanolinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lanolinowej	lanolinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lanolinowe	lanolinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lanolinowe	lanolinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lanolinowe	lanolinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lanolinowe	lanolinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lanolinowemu	lanolinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanolinowi	lanolinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lanolinowo	lanolinowy	adja		
lanolinowych	lanolinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lanolinowych	lanolinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanolinowych	lanolinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanolinowy	lanolinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lanolinowy	lanolinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lanolinowymi	lanolinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanolinowym	lanolinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lanolinowym	lanolinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanolinowym	lanolinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lanosach	lanos	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosa	lanos	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosa	lanos	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosami	lanos	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosem	lanos	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosie	lanos	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosie	lanos	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanos	lanos	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosom	lanos	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosowi	lanos	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosów	lanos	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosy	lanos	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosy	lanos	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lanosy	lanos	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lansach	lans	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansami	lans	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansem	lans	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansie	lans	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansie	lans	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lans	lans	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lans	lans	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansom	lans	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansowi	lans	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansów	lans	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansu	lans	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansy	lans	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansy	lans	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansy	lans	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lansadach	lansada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansada	lansada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansadami	lansada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansadą	lansada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansadę	lansada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansad	lansada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansado	lansada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansadom	lansada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansady	lansada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansady	lansada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansady	lansada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansady	lansada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansadzie	lansada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansadzie	lansada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lansadować	lansadować	inf:imperf		przest.
lansadowaliby	lansadować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowalibyście	lansadować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowalibyśmy	lansadować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowali	lansadować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
lansadowali	lansadować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowaliście	lansadować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowaliśmy	lansadować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowałaby	lansadować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałabym	lansadować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowałabyś	lansadować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowała	lansadować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
lansadowała	lansadować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałam	lansadować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowałaś	lansadować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowałby	lansadować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałbym	lansadować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowałbyś	lansadować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowałem	lansadować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowałeś	lansadować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadował	lansadować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
lansadował	lansadować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałoby	lansadować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałobym	lansadować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowałobyś	lansadować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowało	lansadować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
lansadowało	lansadować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałom	lansadować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowałoś	lansadować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowałyby	lansadować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałybyście	lansadować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowałybyśmy	lansadować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowały	lansadować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
lansadowały	lansadować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadowałyście	lansadować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadowałyśmy	lansadować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadowaniach	lansadować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowania	lansadować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowania	lansadować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowaniami	lansadować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowanie	lansadować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowaniem	lansadować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowaniom	lansadować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowaniu	lansadować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadowano	lansadować	imps:imperf		przest.
lansadowań	lansadować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lansadująca	lansadować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lansadującą	lansadować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lansadującego	lansadować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lansadującego	lansadować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansadującej	lansadować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lansadujące	lansadować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansadujące	lansadować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansadującemu	lansadować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansadując	lansadować	pcon:imperf		przest.
lansadująco	lansadować	pacta		
lansadujących	lansadować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lansadujących	lansadować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansadujący	lansadować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lansadujący	lansadować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lansadujący	lansadować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lansadującymi	lansadować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansadującym	lansadować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansadującym	lansadować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansadują	lansadować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadujcie	lansadować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadujecie	lansadować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
lansaduje	lansadować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
lansadujemy	lansadować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadujesz	lansadować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
lansaduję	lansadować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
lansaduj	lansadować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
lansadujmy	lansadować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
lansadach	lansady	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lansadami	lansady	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lansad	lansady	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lansadom	lansady	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lansady	lansady	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lansady	lansady	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lansady	lansady	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lanserach	lanser	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansera	lanser	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansera	lanser	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserami	lanser	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserem	lanser	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanser	lanser	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserom	lanser	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserowi	lanser	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserów	lanser	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserów	lanser	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansery	lanser	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansery	lanser	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserze	lanser	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserze	lanser	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserzy	lanser	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserzy	lanser	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserce	lanserka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserce	lanserka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserek	lanserka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserkach	lanserka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserka	lanserka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserkami	lanserka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserką	lanserka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserkę	lanserka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserki	lanserka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserki	lanserka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserki	lanserka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserki	lanserka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserko	lanserka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserkom	lanserka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserscy	lanserski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lanserska	lanserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
lanserską	lanserski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
lanserską	lanserski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
lanserskich	lanserski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lanserskich	lanserski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lanserskich	lanserski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lanserskiego	lanserski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
lanserskiego	lanserski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lanserskiej	lanserski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
lanserskiej	lanserski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
lanserskiej	lanserski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
lanserskie	lanserski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lanserskie	lanserski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lanserskie	lanserski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lanserskie	lanserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lanserskiemu	lanserski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lanserski	lanserski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
lanserski	lanserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
lanserskimi	lanserski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lanserskim	lanserski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lanserskim	lanserski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lanserskim	lanserski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lansersko	lanserski	adja		pot.
lansersku	lanserski	adjp		pot.
lansersko	lansersko	adv:pos		pot.
lanserskościach	lanserskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskościami	lanserskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskością	lanserskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskości	lanserskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskościom	lanserskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskość	lanserskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserskość	lanserskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwach	lanserstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwa	lanserstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwa	lanserstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwa	lanserstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwa	lanserstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwami	lanserstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwem	lanserstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwie	lanserstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstw	lanserstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwo	lanserstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwo	lanserstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwo	lanserstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwom	lanserstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lanserstwu	lanserstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzach	lansiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzach	lansiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarza	lansiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarza	lansiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarza	lansiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarza	lansiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzami	lansiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzami	lansiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarze	lansiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzem	lansiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzem	lansiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarz	lansiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarz	lansiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzom	lansiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzom	lansiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzowi	lansiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzowi	lansiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzów	lansiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzów	lansiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzu	lansiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzu	lansiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzu	lansiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzu	lansiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
lansiarzy	lansiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansiarzy	lansiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lansjerach	lansjer:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjera	lansjer:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjera	lansjer:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerami	lansjer:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerem	lansjer:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjer	lansjer:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerom	lansjer:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerowi	lansjer:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerów	lansjer:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerów	lansjer:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjery	lansjer:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lansjery	lansjer:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerze	lansjer:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerze	lansjer:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerzy	lansjer:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerzy	lansjer:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerach	lansjer:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjera	lansjer:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjera	lansjer:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerami	lansjer:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerem	lansjer:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjer	lansjer:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerom	lansjer:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerowi	lansjer:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerów	lansjer:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjery	lansjer:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjery	lansjer:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjery	lansjer:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerze	lansjer:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerze	lansjer:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	chor.
lansjerscy	lansjerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lansjerska	lansjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lansjerską	lansjerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lansjerską	lansjerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lansjerskich	lansjerski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lansjerskich	lansjerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lansjerskich	lansjerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lansjerskiego	lansjerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lansjerskiego	lansjerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lansjerskiej	lansjerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lansjerskiej	lansjerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lansjerskiej	lansjerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lansjerskie	lansjerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lansjerskie	lansjerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lansjerskie	lansjerski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lansjerskie	lansjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lansjerskiemu	lansjerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lansjerski	lansjerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lansjerski	lansjerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lansjerskimi	lansjerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lansjerskim	lansjerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lansjerskim	lansjerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lansjerskim	lansjerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lansjersko	lansjerski	adja		
lansjersku	lansjerski	adjp		
lansjersko	lansjersko	adv:pos		
lansjerskościach	lansjerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskościami	lansjerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskością	lansjerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskości	lansjerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskościom	lansjerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskość	lansjerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansjerskość	lansjerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lansować	lansować	inf:imperf		
lansowaliby	lansować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lansowalibyście	lansować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lansowalibyśmy	lansować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lansowali	lansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lansowali	lansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lansowaliście	lansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lansowaliśmy	lansować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lansowałaby	lansować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lansowałabym	lansować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lansowałabyś	lansować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lansowała	lansować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lansowała	lansować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lansowałam	lansować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lansowałaś	lansować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lansowałby	lansować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lansowałbym	lansować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lansowałbyś	lansować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lansowałem	lansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lansowałeś	lansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lansował	lansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lansował	lansować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lansowałoby	lansować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lansowałobym	lansować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lansowałobyś	lansować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lansowało	lansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lansowało	lansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lansowałom	lansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lansowałoś	lansować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lansowałyby	lansować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lansowałybyście	lansować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lansowałybyśmy	lansować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lansowały	lansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lansowały	lansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lansowałyście	lansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lansowałyśmy	lansować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lansowana	lansować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lansowaną	lansować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lansowanego	lansować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lansowanego	lansować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansowanej	lansować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lansowane	lansować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansowane	lansować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansowanemu	lansować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansowaniach	lansować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowania	lansować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowania	lansować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowaniami	lansować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowanie	lansować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowaniem	lansować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowani	lansować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lansowaniom	lansować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowaniu	lansować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lansowano	lansować	imps:imperf		
lansowanych	lansować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lansowanych	lansować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansowany	lansować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lansowany	lansować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lansowanymi	lansować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansowanym	lansować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansowanym	lansować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansowań	lansować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lansująca	lansować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lansującą	lansować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lansującego	lansować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lansującego	lansować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansującej	lansować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lansujące	lansować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansujące	lansować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansującemu	lansować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansując	lansować	pcon:imperf		
lansująco	lansować	pacta		
lansujących	lansować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lansujących	lansować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansujący	lansować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lansujący	lansować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lansujący	lansować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lansującymi	lansować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansującym	lansować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lansującym	lansować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lansują	lansować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lansujcie	lansować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lansujecie	lansować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lansuje	lansować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lansujemy	lansować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lansujesz	lansować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lansuję	lansować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lansuj	lansować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lansujmy	lansować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lanszafcie	lanszaft	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszafcie	lanszaft	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaftach	lanszaft	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaftami	lanszaft	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaftem	lanszaft	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaft	lanszaft	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaft	lanszaft	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaftom	lanszaft	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaftowi	lanszaft	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaftów	lanszaft	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszaftu	lanszaft	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszafty	lanszaft	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszafty	lanszaft	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lanszafty	lanszaft	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lantanach	lantan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanami	lantan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanem	lantan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanie	lantan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanie	lantan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantan	lantan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantan	lantan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanom	lantan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanowi	lantan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanów	lantan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanu	lantan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantany	lantan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantany	lantan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantany	lantan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lantanach	lantana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantana	lantana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantanami	lantana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantaną	lantana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantanę	lantana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantanie	lantana	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantanie	lantana	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantan	lantana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantano	lantana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantanom	lantana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantany	lantana	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantany	lantana	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantany	lantana	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantany	lantana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lantanowcach	lantanowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowca	lantanowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowcami	lantanowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowce	lantanowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowce	lantanowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowce	lantanowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowcem	lantanowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowcom	lantanowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowcowi	lantanowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowców	lantanowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowcu	lantanowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowcu	lantanowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowiec	lantanowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lantanowiec	lantanowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
lanuszce	lanuszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszce	lanuszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszek	lanuszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszkach	lanuszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszka	lanuszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszkami	lanuszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszką	lanuszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszkę	lanuszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszki	lanuszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszki	lanuszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszki	lanuszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszki	lanuszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszko	lanuszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lanuszkom	lanuszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lańskach	lańsko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańska	lańsko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańska	lańsko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańska	lańsko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańska	lańsko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańskami	lańsko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańskiem	lańsko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańsk	lańsko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańsko	lańsko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańsko	lańsko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańsko	lańsko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańskom	lańsko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańsku	lańsko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lańsku	lańsko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laodycejscy	laodycejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laodycejska	laodycejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laodycejską	laodycejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laodycejską	laodycejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laodycejskich	laodycejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laodycejskich	laodycejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laodycejskich	laodycejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laodycejskiego	laodycejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laodycejskiego	laodycejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laodycejskiej	laodycejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laodycejskiej	laodycejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laodycejskiej	laodycejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laodycejskie	laodycejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laodycejskie	laodycejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laodycejskie	laodycejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laodycejskie	laodycejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laodycejskiemu	laodycejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laodycejski	laodycejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laodycejski	laodycejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laodycejskimi	laodycejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laodycejskim	laodycejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laodycejskim	laodycejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laodycejskim	laodycejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laodycejsko	laodycejski	adja		
laodycejsku	laodycejski	adjp		
laodycejsko	laodycejsko	adv:pos		
laodycejskościach	laodycejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskościami	laodycejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskością	laodycejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskości	laodycejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskościom	laodycejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskość	laodycejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laodycejskość	laodycejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowościach	laokonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowościami	laokonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowością	laokonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowości	laokonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowościom	laokonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowość	laokonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowość	laokonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laokonowa	laokonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laokonową	laokonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laokonową	laokonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laokonowego	laokonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laokonowego	laokonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laokonowej	laokonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laokonowej	laokonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laokonowej	laokonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laokonowe	laokonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laokonowe	laokonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laokonowe	laokonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laokonowe	laokonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laokonowemu	laokonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laokonowi	laokonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laokonowo	laokonowy	adja		
laokonowych	laokonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laokonowych	laokonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laokonowych	laokonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laokonowy	laokonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laokonowy	laokonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laokonowymi	laokonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laokonowym	laokonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laokonowym	laokonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laokonowym	laokonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laotańscy	laotański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laotańska	laotański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laotańską	laotański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laotańską	laotański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laotańskich	laotański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laotańskich	laotański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laotańskich	laotański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laotańskiego	laotański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laotańskiego	laotański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laotańskiej	laotański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laotańskiej	laotański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laotańskiej	laotański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laotańskie	laotański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laotańskie	laotański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laotańskie	laotański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laotańskie	laotański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laotańskiemu	laotański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laotański	laotański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laotański	laotański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laotańskimi	laotański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laotańskim	laotański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laotańskim	laotański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laotańskim	laotański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laotańsko	laotański	adja		
laotańsku	laotański	adjp		
laotańsko	laotańsko	adv:pos		
laotańskościach	laotańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskościami	laotańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskością	laotańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskości	laotańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskościom	laotańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskość	laotańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laotańskość	laotańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
la	la:p	prep:gen		gwar.
lapach	lapa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapa	lapa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapami	lapa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapą	lapa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapę	lapa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapie	lapa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapie	lapa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lap	lapa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapo	lapa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapom	lapa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapy	lapa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapy	lapa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapy	lapa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lapy	lapa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
laparoskopach	laparoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopami	laparoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopem	laparoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopie	laparoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopie	laparoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskop	laparoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskop	laparoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopom	laparoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowi	laparoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopów	laparoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopu	laparoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopy	laparoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopy	laparoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopy	laparoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopiach	laparoskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopia	laparoskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopiami	laparoskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopią	laparoskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopie	laparoskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopie	laparoskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopie	laparoskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopię	laparoskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopii	laparoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
laparoskopii	laparoskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopii	laparoskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopii	laparoskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopij	laparoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
laparoskopio	laparoskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopiom	laparoskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laparoskopowościach	laparoskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowościami	laparoskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowością	laparoskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowości	laparoskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowościom	laparoskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowość	laparoskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowość	laparoskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparoskopowa	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laparoskopową	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laparoskopową	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laparoskopowego	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laparoskopowego	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laparoskopowej	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laparoskopowej	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laparoskopowej	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laparoskopowe	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laparoskopowe	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laparoskopowe	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laparoskopowe	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laparoskopowemu	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laparoskopowi	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laparoskopowo	laparoskopowy	adja		
laparoskopowych	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laparoskopowych	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laparoskopowych	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laparoskopowy	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laparoskopowy	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laparoskopowymi	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laparoskopowym	laparoskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laparoskopowym	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laparoskopowym	laparoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laparotomiach	laparotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomia	laparotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomiami	laparotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomią	laparotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomie	laparotomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomie	laparotomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomie	laparotomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomię	laparotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomii	laparotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laparotomii	laparotomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomii	laparotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomii	laparotomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomij	laparotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laparotomio	laparotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laparotomiom	laparotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidariach	lapidarium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidaria	lapidarium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidaria	lapidarium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidaria	lapidarium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidariami	lapidarium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidariom	lapidarium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidariów	lapidarium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarium	lapidarium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarium	lapidarium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarium	lapidarium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarium	lapidarium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarium	lapidarium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarium	lapidarium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarium	lapidarium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarniej	lapidarnie	adv:com		
lapidarnie	lapidarnie	adv:pos		
lapidarnościach	lapidarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarnościami	lapidarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarnością	lapidarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarności	lapidarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarnościom	lapidarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarność	lapidarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarność	lapidarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapidarna	lapidarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lapidarną	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lapidarną	lapidarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lapidarnego	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lapidarnego	lapidarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapidarnej	lapidarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lapidarnej	lapidarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lapidarnej	lapidarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lapidarne	lapidarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lapidarne	lapidarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lapidarne	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lapidarne	lapidarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lapidarnemu	lapidarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapidarniejsi	lapidarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lapidarniejsza	lapidarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lapidarniejszą	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lapidarniejszą	lapidarny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lapidarniejszego	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lapidarniejszego	lapidarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lapidarniejszej	lapidarny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lapidarniejszej	lapidarny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lapidarniejszej	lapidarny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lapidarniejsze	lapidarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lapidarniejsze	lapidarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lapidarniejsze	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lapidarniejsze	lapidarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lapidarniejszemu	lapidarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lapidarniejszych	lapidarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lapidarniejszych	lapidarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lapidarniejszych	lapidarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lapidarniejszy	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lapidarniejszy	lapidarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lapidarniejszymi	lapidarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lapidarniejszym	lapidarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lapidarniejszym	lapidarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lapidarniejszym	lapidarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lapidarni	lapidarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lapidarno	lapidarny	adja		
lapidarnych	lapidarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lapidarnych	lapidarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapidarnych	lapidarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapidarny	lapidarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lapidarny	lapidarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lapidarnymi	lapidarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapidarnym	lapidarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapidarnym	lapidarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapidarnym	lapidarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapillach	lapille	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapillami	lapille	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapille	lapille	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapille	lapille	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapille	lapille	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapille	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapillom	lapille	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapilli	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapilli	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapilli	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapilli	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapilli	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapilli	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapilli	lapilli	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapisach	lapis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisami	lapis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisem	lapis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisie	lapis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisie	lapis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapis	lapis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapis	lapis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisom	lapis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowi	lapis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisów	lapis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisu	lapis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisy	lapis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisy	lapis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapisy	lapis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapislazuli	lapislazuli	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapis-lazuli	lapis-lazuli	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	miner.
lapisować	lapisować	inf:imperf		
lapisowaliby	lapisować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lapisowalibyście	lapisować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lapisowalibyśmy	lapisować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lapisowali	lapisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lapisowali	lapisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lapisowaliście	lapisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lapisowaliśmy	lapisować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lapisowałaby	lapisować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lapisowałabym	lapisować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lapisowałabyś	lapisować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lapisowała	lapisować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lapisowała	lapisować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lapisowałam	lapisować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lapisowałaś	lapisować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lapisowałby	lapisować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lapisowałbym	lapisować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lapisowałbyś	lapisować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lapisowałem	lapisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lapisowałeś	lapisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lapisował	lapisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lapisował	lapisować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lapisowałoby	lapisować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lapisowałobym	lapisować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lapisowałobyś	lapisować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lapisowało	lapisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lapisowało	lapisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lapisowałom	lapisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lapisowałoś	lapisować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lapisowałyby	lapisować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lapisowałybyście	lapisować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lapisowałybyśmy	lapisować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lapisowały	lapisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lapisowały	lapisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lapisowałyście	lapisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lapisowałyśmy	lapisować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lapisowana	lapisować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lapisowaną	lapisować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lapisowanego	lapisować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lapisowanego	lapisować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowanej	lapisować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lapisowane	lapisować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisowane	lapisować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowanemu	lapisować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowaniach	lapisować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowania	lapisować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowania	lapisować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowaniami	lapisować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowanie	lapisować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowaniem	lapisować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowani	lapisować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lapisowaniom	lapisować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowaniu	lapisować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowano	lapisować	imps:imperf		
lapisowanych	lapisować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lapisowanych	lapisować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisowany	lapisować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lapisowany	lapisować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lapisowanymi	lapisować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisowanym	lapisować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisowanym	lapisować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisowań	lapisować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lapisująca	lapisować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lapisującą	lapisować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lapisującego	lapisować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lapisującego	lapisować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisującej	lapisować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lapisujące	lapisować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisujące	lapisować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisującemu	lapisować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisując	lapisować	pcon:imperf		
lapisująco	lapisować	pacta		
lapisujących	lapisować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lapisujących	lapisować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisujący	lapisować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lapisujący	lapisować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lapisujący	lapisować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lapisującymi	lapisować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisującym	lapisować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lapisującym	lapisować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lapisują	lapisować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lapisujcie	lapisować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lapisujecie	lapisować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lapisuje	lapisować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lapisujemy	lapisować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lapisujesz	lapisować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lapisuję	lapisować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lapisuj	lapisować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lapisujmy	lapisować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lapisowościach	lapisowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowościami	lapisowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowością	lapisowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowości	lapisowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowościom	lapisowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowość	lapisowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowość	lapisowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapisowa	lapisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lapisową	lapisowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lapisową	lapisowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lapisowego	lapisowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lapisowego	lapisowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapisowej	lapisowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lapisowej	lapisowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lapisowej	lapisowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lapisowe	lapisowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lapisowe	lapisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lapisowe	lapisowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lapisowe	lapisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lapisowemu	lapisowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapisowi	lapisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lapisowo	lapisowy	adja		
lapisowych	lapisowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lapisowych	lapisowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapisowych	lapisowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapisowy	lapisowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lapisowy	lapisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lapisowymi	lapisowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapisowym	lapisowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapisowym	lapisowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapisowym	lapisowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapnąć	lapnąć	inf:perf		
lapną	lapnąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
lapnąłby	lapnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
lapnąłbym	lapnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
lapnąłbyś	lapnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
lapnąłem	lapnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
lapnąłeś	lapnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
lapnął	lapnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
lapnął	lapnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
lapnąwszy	lapnąć	pant:perf		
lapnę	lapnąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
lapnęliby	lapnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
lapnęlibyście	lapnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
lapnęlibyśmy	lapnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
lapnęli	lapnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
lapnęli	lapnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
lapnęliście	lapnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
lapnęliśmy	lapnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
lapnęłaby	lapnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
lapnęłabym	lapnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
lapnęłabyś	lapnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
lapnęła	lapnąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
lapnęła	lapnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
lapnęłam	lapnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
lapnęłaś	lapnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
lapnęłoby	lapnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
lapnęłobym	lapnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
lapnęłobyś	lapnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
lapnęło	lapnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
lapnęło	lapnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
lapnęłom	lapnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
lapnęłoś	lapnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
lapnęłyby	lapnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
lapnęłybyście	lapnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
lapnęłybyśmy	lapnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
lapnęły	lapnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
lapnęły	lapnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
lapnęłyście	lapnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
lapnęłyśmy	lapnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
lapniecie	lapnąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
lapnie	lapnąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
lapniemy	lapnąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
lapniesz	lapnąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
lapnięciach	lapnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięcia	lapnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięcia	lapnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięciami	lapnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięcie	lapnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięciem	lapnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięci	lapnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
lapnięciom	lapnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięciu	lapnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięć	lapnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
lapnięta	lapnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
lapniętą	lapnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
lapniętego	lapnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
lapniętego	lapnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
lapniętej	lapnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
lapnięte	lapnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lapnięte	lapnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
lapniętemu	lapnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
lapnięto	lapnąć	imps:perf		
lapniętych	lapnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
lapniętych	lapnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lapnięty	lapnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
lapnięty	lapnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
lapniętymi	lapnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lapniętym	lapnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lapniętym	lapnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
lapnijcie	lapnąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
lapnij	lapnąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
lapnijmy	lapnąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
laponoidach	laponoid	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoida	laponoid	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoida	laponoid	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidami	laponoid	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidem	laponoid	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoid	laponoid	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidom	laponoid	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidowi	laponoid	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidów	laponoid	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidów	laponoid	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidy	laponoid	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidy	laponoid	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidzie	laponoid	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidzie	laponoid	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidzi	laponoid	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidzi	laponoid	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalnościach	laponoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalnościami	laponoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalnością	laponoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalności	laponoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalnościom	laponoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalność	laponoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalność	laponoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laponoidalna	laponoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laponoidalną	laponoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laponoidalną	laponoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laponoidalnego	laponoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laponoidalnego	laponoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laponoidalnej	laponoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laponoidalnej	laponoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laponoidalnej	laponoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laponoidalne	laponoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laponoidalne	laponoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laponoidalne	laponoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laponoidalne	laponoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laponoidalnemu	laponoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laponoidalni	laponoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laponoidalno	laponoidalny	adja		
laponoidalnych	laponoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laponoidalnych	laponoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laponoidalnych	laponoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laponoidalny	laponoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laponoidalny	laponoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laponoidalnymi	laponoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laponoidalnym	laponoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laponoidalnym	laponoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laponoidalnym	laponoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapońscy	lapoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lapońska	lapoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lapońską	lapoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lapońską	lapoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lapońskich	lapoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lapońskich	lapoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapońskich	lapoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapońskiego	lapoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lapońskiego	lapoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapońskiej	lapoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lapońskiej	lapoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lapońskiej	lapoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lapońskie	lapoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lapońskie	lapoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lapońskie	lapoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lapońskie	lapoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lapońskiemu	lapoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapoński	lapoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lapoński	lapoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lapońskimi	lapoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapońskim	lapoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lapońskim	lapoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapońskim	lapoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lapońsko	lapoński	adja		
lapońsku	lapoński	adjp		
lapońsko	lapońsko	adv:pos		
lapońskościach	lapońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskościami	lapońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskością	lapońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskości	lapońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskościom	lapońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskość	lapońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapońskość	lapońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusach	lapsus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusach	lapsus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusa	lapsus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusa	lapsus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusami	lapsus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusami	lapsus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusem	lapsus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusem	lapsus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusie	lapsus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusie	lapsus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusie	lapsus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusie	lapsus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsus	lapsus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsus	lapsus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsus	lapsus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusom	lapsus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusom	lapsus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusowi	lapsus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusowi	lapsus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusów	lapsus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusów	lapsus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusu	lapsus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusy	lapsus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusy	lapsus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusy	lapsus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusy	lapsus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lapsusy	lapsus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lapsusy	lapsus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laptopach	laptop	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopach	laptop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopa	laptop	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopa	laptop	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopami	laptop	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopami	laptop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopem	laptop	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopem	laptop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopie	laptop	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopie	laptop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopie	laptop	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopie	laptop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptop	laptop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptop	laptop	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptop	laptop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopom	laptop	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopom	laptop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopowi	laptop	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopowi	laptop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopów	laptop	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopów	laptop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopu	laptop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopy	laptop	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopy	laptop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopy	laptop	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopy	laptop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopy	laptop	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopy	laptop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
laptopowościach	laptopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowościami	laptopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowością	laptopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowości	laptopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowościom	laptopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowość	laptopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowość	laptopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laptopowa	laptopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laptopową	laptopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laptopową	laptopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laptopowego	laptopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laptopowego	laptopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laptopowej	laptopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laptopowej	laptopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laptopowej	laptopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laptopowe	laptopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laptopowe	laptopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laptopowe	laptopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laptopowe	laptopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laptopowemu	laptopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laptopowi	laptopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laptopowo	laptopowy	adja		
laptopowych	laptopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laptopowych	laptopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laptopowych	laptopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laptopowy	laptopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laptopowy	laptopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laptopowymi	laptopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laptopowym	laptopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laptopowym	laptopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laptopowym	laptopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
larach	lar	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lara	lar	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lara	lar	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larami	lar	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larem	lar	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lar	lar	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larom	lar	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larowi	lar	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larów	lar	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lary	lar	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lary	lar	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lary	lar	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larze	lar	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larze	lar	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
larariach	lararium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararia	lararium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararia	lararium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararia	lararium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larariami	lararium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larariom	lararium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larariów	lararium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararium	lararium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararium	lararium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararium	lararium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararium	lararium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararium	lararium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararium	lararium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lararium	lararium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larendograch	larendogra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogra	larendogra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogrami	larendogra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogrą	larendogra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogrę	larendogra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogr	larendogra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogro	larendogra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogrom	larendogra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogry	larendogra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogry	larendogra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogry	larendogra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogry	larendogra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogrze	larendogra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larendogrze	larendogra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larghetcie	larghetto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghettach	larghetto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetta	larghetto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetta	larghetto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetta	larghetto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetta	larghetto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghettami	larghetto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghettem	larghetto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghett	larghetto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghetto	larghetto	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghettom	larghetto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larghettu	larghetto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largach	largo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larga	largo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larga	largo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larga	largo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larga	largo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largami	largo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largiem	largo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larg	largo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largo	largo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largom	largo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largu	largo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
largu	largo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
larmo	larmo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larmo	larmo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
larsenach	larsen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenami	larsen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenem	larsen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenie	larsen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenie	larsen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsen	larsen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsen	larsen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenom	larsen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenowi	larsen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenów	larsen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larsenu	larsen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larseny	larsen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larseny	larsen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larseny	larsen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larach	larum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lara	larum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lara	larum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lara	larum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larami	larum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larom	larum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larów	larum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larum	larum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larum	larum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larum	larum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larum	larum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larum	larum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larum	larum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larum	larum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
larwach	larwa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwa	larwa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwami	larwa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwą	larwa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwę	larwa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwie	larwa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwie	larwa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larw	larwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwo	larwa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwom	larwa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwy	larwa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwy	larwa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwy	larwa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwy	larwa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
larwalnościach	larwalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalnościami	larwalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalnością	larwalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalności	larwalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalnościom	larwalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalność	larwalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalność	larwalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwalna	larwalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
larwalną	larwalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
larwalną	larwalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
larwalnego	larwalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
larwalnego	larwalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
larwalnej	larwalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
larwalnej	larwalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
larwalnej	larwalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
larwalne	larwalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
larwalne	larwalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
larwalne	larwalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
larwalne	larwalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
larwalnemu	larwalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
larwalni	larwalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
larwalno	larwalny	adja		
larwalnych	larwalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
larwalnych	larwalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
larwalnych	larwalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
larwalny	larwalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
larwalny	larwalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
larwalnymi	larwalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
larwalnym	larwalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
larwalnym	larwalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
larwalnym	larwalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
larwicydach	larwicyd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydami	larwicyd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydem	larwicyd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicyd	larwicyd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicyd	larwicyd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydom	larwicyd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydowi	larwicyd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydów	larwicyd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydu	larwicyd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydy	larwicyd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydy	larwicyd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydy	larwicyd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydzie	larwicyd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwicydzie	larwicyd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
larwce	larwka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwce	larwka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwek	larwka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwkach	larwka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwka	larwka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwkami	larwka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwką	larwka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwkę	larwka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwki	larwka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwki	larwka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwki	larwka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwki	larwka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwko	larwka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwkom	larwka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapiach	larwoterapia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapia	larwoterapia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapiami	larwoterapia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapią	larwoterapia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapie	larwoterapia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapie	larwoterapia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapie	larwoterapia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapię	larwoterapia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapii	larwoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
larwoterapii	larwoterapia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapii	larwoterapia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapii	larwoterapia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapij	larwoterapia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
larwoterapio	larwoterapia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
larwoterapiom	larwoterapia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
larach	lary	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
larami	lary	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
larom	lary	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
larów	lary	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lary	lary	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lary	lary	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lary	lary	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalnościach	laryngalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalnościami	laryngalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalnością	laryngalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalności	laryngalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalnościom	laryngalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalność	laryngalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalność	laryngalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngalna	laryngalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laryngalną	laryngalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laryngalną	laryngalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laryngalnego	laryngalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laryngalnego	laryngalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngalnej	laryngalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laryngalnej	laryngalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laryngalnej	laryngalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laryngalne	laryngalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laryngalne	laryngalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laryngalne	laryngalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laryngalne	laryngalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laryngalnemu	laryngalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngalni	laryngalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laryngalno	laryngalny	adja		
laryngalnych	laryngalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laryngalnych	laryngalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngalnych	laryngalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngalny	laryngalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laryngalny	laryngalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laryngalnymi	laryngalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngalnym	laryngalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngalnym	laryngalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngalnym	laryngalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngektomiach	laryngektomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomia	laryngektomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomiami	laryngektomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomią	laryngektomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomie	laryngektomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomie	laryngektomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomie	laryngektomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomię	laryngektomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomii	laryngektomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laryngektomii	laryngektomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomii	laryngektomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomii	laryngektomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomij	laryngektomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laryngektomio	laryngektomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngektomiom	laryngektomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonach	laryngofon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonami	laryngofon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonem	laryngofon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonie	laryngofon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonie	laryngofon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofon	laryngofon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofon	laryngofon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonom	laryngofon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonowi	laryngofon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonów	laryngofon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofonu	laryngofon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofony	laryngofon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofony	laryngofon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngofony	laryngofon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngolodzy	laryngolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngolodzy	laryngolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologach	laryngolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologa	laryngolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologa	laryngolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologami	laryngolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologiem	laryngolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologi	laryngolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologi	laryngolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngolog	laryngolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologom	laryngolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologowie	laryngolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologowie	laryngolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologowi	laryngolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologów	laryngolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologów	laryngolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologu	laryngolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologu	laryngolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologiach	laryngologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologia	laryngologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologiami	laryngologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologią	laryngologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologie	laryngologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologie	laryngologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologie	laryngologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologię	laryngologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologii	laryngologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
laryngologii	laryngologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologii	laryngologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologii	laryngologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologij	laryngologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
laryngologio	laryngologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologiom	laryngologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
laryngologicznościach	laryngologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologicznościami	laryngologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologicznością	laryngologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczności	laryngologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologicznościom	laryngologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczność	laryngologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczność	laryngologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngologiczna	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laryngologiczną	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laryngologiczną	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laryngologicznego	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laryngologicznego	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngologicznej	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laryngologicznej	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laryngologicznej	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laryngologiczne	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laryngologiczne	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laryngologiczne	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laryngologiczne	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laryngologicznemu	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngologiczni	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laryngologiczno	laryngologiczny	adja		
laryngologicznych	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laryngologicznych	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngologicznych	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngologiczny	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laryngologiczny	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laryngologicznymi	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngologicznym	laryngologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laryngologicznym	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngologicznym	laryngologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laryngoskopach	laryngoskop	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopami	laryngoskop	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopem	laryngoskop	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopie	laryngoskop	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopie	laryngoskop	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskop	laryngoskop	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskop	laryngoskop	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopom	laryngoskop	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopowi	laryngoskop	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopów	laryngoskop	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopu	laryngoskop	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopy	laryngoskop	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopy	laryngoskop	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopy	laryngoskop	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopiach	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopia	laryngoskopia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopiami	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopią	laryngoskopia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopie	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopie	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopie	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopię	laryngoskopia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopii	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laryngoskopii	laryngoskopia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopii	laryngoskopia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopii	laryngoskopia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopij	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laryngoskopio	laryngoskopia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laryngoskopiom	laryngoskopia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasach	las	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasami	las	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasem	las	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
las	las	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
las	las	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasom	las	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasowi	las	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasów	las	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasu	las	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasy	las	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasy	las	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasy	las	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesie	las	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesie	las	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
la	la:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
la	la:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lasach	lasa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasa	lasa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasami	lasa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasą	lasa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasę	lasa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasie	lasa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasie	lasa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
las	lasa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laso	lasa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasom	lasa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasy	lasa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasy	lasa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasy	lasa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasy	lasa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasagne	lasagne	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasanek	lasanek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanek	lasanek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasankach	lasanek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanka	lasanek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasankami	lasanek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasankiem	lasanek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanki	lasanek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanki	lasanek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanki	lasanek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasankom	lasanek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasankowi	lasanek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanków	lasanek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanku	lasanek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lasanku	lasanek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
laseczek	laseczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczek	laseczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkach	laseczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczka	laseczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkami	laseczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkiem	laseczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczki	laseczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczki	laseczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczki	laseczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkom	laseczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowi	laseczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczków	laseczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczku	laseczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczku	laseczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laseczce	laseczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczce	laseczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczek	laseczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkach	laseczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczka	laseczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkami	laseczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczką	laseczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkę	laseczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczki	laseczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczki	laseczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczki	laseczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczki	laseczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczko	laseczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkom	laseczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatościach	laseczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatościami	laseczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatością	laseczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatości	laseczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatościom	laseczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatość	laseczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowatość	laseczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laseczkowaci	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laseczkowata	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laseczkowatą	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laseczkowatą	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laseczkowatego	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laseczkowatego	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laseczkowatej	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laseczkowatej	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laseczkowatej	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laseczkowate	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laseczkowate	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laseczkowate	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laseczkowate	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laseczkowatemu	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laseczkowato	laseczkowaty	adja		
laseczkowatych	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laseczkowatych	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laseczkowatych	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laseczkowaty	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laseczkowaty	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laseczkowatymi	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laseczkowatym	laseczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laseczkowatym	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laseczkowatym	laseczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasecznikach	lasecznik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznika	lasecznik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznika	lasecznik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikami	lasecznik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikiem	lasecznik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
laseczniki	lasecznik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
laseczniki	lasecznik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
laseczniki	lasecznik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznik	lasecznik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikom	lasecznik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowi	lasecznik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
laseczników	lasecznik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
laseczniku	lasecznik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
laseczniku	lasecznik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcach	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcach	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowca	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowca	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowca	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcami	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcami	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowce	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowce	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowce	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowce	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowce	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowce	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcem	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcem	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcom	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcom	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcowi	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcowi	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowców	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowców	lasecznikowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcu	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcu	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcu	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowcu	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowiec	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowiec	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasecznikowiec	lasecznikowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
lasek	lasek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasek	lasek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laskach	lasek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laskami	lasek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laskiem	lasek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laski	lasek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laski	lasek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laski	lasek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laskom	lasek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laskowi	lasek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasków	lasek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasku	lasek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasku	lasek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasku	lasek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserach	laser	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasera	laser	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserami	laser	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserem	laser	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laser	laser	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laser	laser	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserom	laser	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserowi	laser	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserów	laser	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasery	laser	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasery	laser	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasery	laser	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserze	laser	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserze	laser	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laserować	laserować	inf:imperf		
laserowaliby	laserować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laserowalibyście	laserować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laserowalibyśmy	laserować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laserowali	laserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
laserowali	laserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laserowaliście	laserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laserowaliśmy	laserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laserowałaby	laserować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laserowałabym	laserować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laserowałabyś	laserować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laserowała	laserować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
laserowała	laserować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laserowałam	laserować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laserowałaś	laserować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laserowałby	laserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laserowałbym	laserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laserowałbyś	laserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laserowałem	laserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laserowałeś	laserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laserował	laserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
laserował	laserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laserowałoby	laserować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laserowałobym	laserować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laserowałobyś	laserować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laserowało	laserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
laserowało	laserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laserowałom	laserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laserowałoś	laserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laserowałyby	laserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laserowałybyście	laserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laserowałybyśmy	laserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laserowały	laserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
laserowały	laserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laserowałyście	laserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laserowałyśmy	laserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laserowana	laserować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laserowaną	laserować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laserowanego	laserować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laserowanego	laserować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserowanej	laserować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laserowane	laserować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserowane	laserować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserowanemu	laserować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserowaniach	laserować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowania	laserować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowania	laserować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowaniami	laserować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowanie	laserować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowaniem	laserować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowani	laserować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laserowaniom	laserować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowaniu	laserować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laserowano	laserować	imps:imperf		
laserowanych	laserować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laserowanych	laserować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserowany	laserować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laserowany	laserować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laserowanymi	laserować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserowanym	laserować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserowanym	laserować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserowań	laserować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laserująca	laserować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laserującą	laserować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laserującego	laserować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laserującego	laserować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserującej	laserować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laserujące	laserować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserujące	laserować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserującemu	laserować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserując	laserować	pcon:imperf		
laserująco	laserować	pacta		
laserujących	laserować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laserujących	laserować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserujący	laserować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laserujący	laserować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laserujący	laserować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laserującymi	laserować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserującym	laserować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laserującym	laserować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laserują	laserować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
laserujcie	laserować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
laserujecie	laserować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
laseruje	laserować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
laserujemy	laserować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
laserujesz	laserować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
laseruję	laserować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
laseruj	laserować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
laserujmy	laserować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
laserowo	laserowo	adv:pos		
laserowościach	laserowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowościami	laserowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowością	laserowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowości	laserowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowościom	laserowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowość	laserowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowość	laserowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserowa	laserowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laserową	laserowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laserową	laserowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laserowego	laserowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laserowego	laserowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laserowej	laserowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laserowej	laserowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laserowej	laserowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laserowe	laserowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laserowe	laserowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laserowe	laserowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laserowe	laserowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laserowemu	laserowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laserowi	laserowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laserowo	laserowy	adja		
laserowych	laserowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laserowych	laserowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserowych	laserowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserowy	laserowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laserowy	laserowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laserowymi	laserowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserowym	laserowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserowym	laserowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laserowym	laserowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laserówce	laserówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówce	laserówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówek	laserówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówkach	laserówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówka	laserówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówkami	laserówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówką	laserówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówkę	laserówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówki	laserówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówki	laserówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówki	laserówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówki	laserówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówko	laserówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserówkom	laserówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laserunek	laserunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunek	laserunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkach	laserunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkami	laserunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkiem	laserunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunki	laserunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunki	laserunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunki	laserunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkom	laserunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowi	laserunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunków	laserunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunku	laserunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunku	laserunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunku	laserunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowo	laserunkowo	adv:pos		
laserunkowościach	laserunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowościami	laserunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowością	laserunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowości	laserunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowościom	laserunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowość	laserunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowość	laserunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laserunkowa	laserunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laserunkową	laserunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laserunkową	laserunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laserunkowego	laserunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laserunkowego	laserunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laserunkowej	laserunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laserunkowej	laserunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laserunkowej	laserunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laserunkowe	laserunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laserunkowe	laserunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laserunkowe	laserunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laserunkowe	laserunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laserunkowemu	laserunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laserunkowi	laserunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laserunkowo	laserunkowy	adja		
laserunkowych	laserunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laserunkowych	laserunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserunkowych	laserunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserunkowy	laserunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laserunkowy	laserunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laserunkowymi	laserunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserunkowym	laserunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laserunkowym	laserunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laserunkowym	laserunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasistościach	lasistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistościami	lasistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistością	lasistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistości	lasistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistościom	lasistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistość	lasistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasistość	lasistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasista	lasisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lasistą	lasisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lasistą	lasisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lasistego	lasisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lasistego	lasisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasistej	lasisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lasistej	lasisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lasistej	lasisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lasiste	lasisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasiste	lasisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasiste	lasisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lasiste	lasisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lasistemu	lasisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasisto	lasisty	adja		
lasistych	lasisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lasistych	lasisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasistych	lasisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasisty	lasisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lasisty	lasisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lasistymi	lasisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasistym	lasisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasistym	lasisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasistym	lasisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasiści	lasisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lasce	laska	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasce	laska	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasek	laska	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskach	laska	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laska	laska	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskami	laska	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laską	laska	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskę	laska	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laski	laska	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laski	laska	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laski	laska	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laski	laska	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasko	laska	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskom	laska	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskarzach	laskarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzach	laskarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarza	laskarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarza	laskarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarza	laskarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarza	laskarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzami	laskarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzami	laskarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarze	laskarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarze	laskarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarze	laskarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarze	laskarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarze	laskarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarze	laskarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarze	laskarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarze	laskarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzem	laskarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzem	laskarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarz	laskarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarz	laskarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzom	laskarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzom	laskarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzowi	laskarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzowi	laskarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzów	laskarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzów	laskarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzu	laskarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzu	laskarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzu	laskarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|sport.
laskarzu	laskarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzy	laskarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
laskarzy	laskarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lascy	laski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laska	laski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laską	laski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laską	laski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laskich	laski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laskich	laski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskich	laski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskiego	laski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laskiego	laski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskiej	laski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laskiej	laski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laskiej	laski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laskie	laski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskie	laski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskie	laski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laskie	laski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laskiemu	laski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laski	laski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laski	laski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laskimi	laski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskim	laski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskim	laski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskim	laski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasko	laski	adja		
lasku	laski	adjp		
lasko	lasko	adv:pos		
laskonodzy	laskonogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laskonoga	laskonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laskonogą	laskonogi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laskonogą	laskonogi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laskonogich	laskonogi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laskonogich	laskonogi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskonogich	laskonogi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskonogiego	laskonogi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laskonogiego	laskonogi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskonogiej	laskonogi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laskonogiej	laskonogi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laskonogiej	laskonogi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laskonogie	laskonogi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskonogie	laskonogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskonogie	laskonogi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laskonogie	laskonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laskonogiemu	laskonogi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskonogi	laskonogi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laskonogi	laskonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laskonogimi	laskonogi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskonogim	laskonogi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskonogim	laskonogi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskonogim	laskonogi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskonogo	laskonogi	adja		
laskonogościach	laskonogość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogościami	laskonogość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogością	laskonogość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogości	laskonogość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogościom	laskonogość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogość	laskonogość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskonogość	laskonogość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskościach	laskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskościami	laskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskością	laskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskości	laskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskościom	laskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskość	laskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskość	laskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskować	laskować	inf:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowaliby	laskować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowalibyście	laskować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowalibyśmy	laskować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowali	laskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowali	laskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowaliście	laskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowaliśmy	laskować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałaby	laskować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałabym	laskować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałabyś	laskować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowała	laskować	praet:sg:f:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowała	laskować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałam	laskować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałaś	laskować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałby	laskować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałbym	laskować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałbyś	laskować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałem	laskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałeś	laskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskował	laskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskował	laskować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałoby	laskować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałobym	laskować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałobyś	laskować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowało	laskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowało	laskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałom	laskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałoś	laskować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałyby	laskować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałybyście	laskować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałybyśmy	laskować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowały	laskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowały	laskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałyście	laskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowałyśmy	laskować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowana	laskować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laskowaną	laskować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laskowanego	laskować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laskowanego	laskować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskowanej	laskować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laskowane	laskować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskowane	laskować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskowanemu	laskować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskowaniach	laskować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowania	laskować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowania	laskować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowaniami	laskować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowanie	laskować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowaniem	laskować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowani	laskować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laskowaniom	laskować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowaniu	laskować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laskowano	laskować	imps:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowanych	laskować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laskowanych	laskować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskowany	laskować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laskowany	laskować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laskowanymi	laskować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskowanym	laskować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskowanym	laskować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskowań	laskować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laskująca	laskować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laskującą	laskować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laskującego	laskować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laskującego	laskować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskującej	laskować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laskujące	laskować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskujące	laskować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskującemu	laskować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskując	laskować	pcon:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskująco	laskować	pacta		
laskujących	laskować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laskujących	laskować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskujący	laskować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laskujący	laskować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laskujący	laskować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laskującymi	laskować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskującym	laskować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laskującym	laskować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laskują	laskować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskujcie	laskować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskujecie	laskować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskuje	laskować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskujemy	laskować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskujesz	laskować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskuję	laskować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskuj	laskować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskujmy	laskować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		techn.|rzad.
laskowaniach	laskowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowania	laskowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowania	laskowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowania	laskowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowania	laskowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaniami	laskowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowanie	laskowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowanie	laskowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowanie	laskowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaniem	laskowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaniom	laskowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaniu	laskowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaniu	laskowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowań	laskowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laskowanościach	laskowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowanościami	laskowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowanością	laskowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaności	laskowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowanościom	laskowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaność	laskowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaność	laskowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowana	laskowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laskowaną	laskowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laskowaną	laskowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laskowanego	laskowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laskowanego	laskowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowanej	laskowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laskowanej	laskowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laskowanej	laskowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laskowane	laskowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowane	laskowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowane	laskowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowane	laskowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowanemu	laskowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowani	laskowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowano	laskowany	adja		
laskowanych	laskowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowanych	laskowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowanych	laskowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowany	laskowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laskowany	laskowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laskowanymi	laskowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowanym	laskowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowanym	laskowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowanym	laskowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowatościach	laskowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatościami	laskowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatością	laskowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatości	laskowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatościom	laskowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatość	laskowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowatość	laskowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowaci	laskowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowata	laskowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laskowatą	laskowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laskowatą	laskowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laskowatego	laskowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laskowatego	laskowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowatej	laskowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laskowatej	laskowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laskowatej	laskowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laskowate	laskowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowate	laskowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowate	laskowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowate	laskowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowatemu	laskowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowato	laskowaty	adja		
laskowatych	laskowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowatych	laskowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowatych	laskowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowaty	laskowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laskowaty	laskowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laskowatymi	laskowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowatym	laskowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowatym	laskowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowatym	laskowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowiccy	laskowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowicka	laskowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laskowicką	laskowicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laskowicką	laskowicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laskowickich	laskowicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowickich	laskowicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowickich	laskowicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowickiego	laskowicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laskowickiego	laskowicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowickiej	laskowicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laskowickiej	laskowicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laskowickiej	laskowicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laskowickie	laskowicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowickie	laskowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowickie	laskowicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowickie	laskowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowickiemu	laskowicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowicki	laskowicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laskowicki	laskowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laskowickimi	laskowicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowickim	laskowicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowickim	laskowicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowickim	laskowicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowicko	laskowicki	adja		
laskowicku	laskowicki	adjp		
laskowicko	laskowicko	adv:pos		
laskowickościach	laskowickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickościami	laskowickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickością	laskowickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickości	laskowickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickościom	laskowickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickość	laskowickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowickość	laskowickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowościach	laskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowościami	laskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowością	laskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowości	laskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowościom	laskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowość	laskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowość	laskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laskowa	laskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laskową	laskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laskową	laskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laskowego	laskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laskowego	laskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowej	laskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laskowej	laskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laskowej	laskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laskowe	laskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowe	laskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laskowe	laskowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowe	laskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laskowemu	laskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowi	laskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowo	laskowy	adja		
laskowych	laskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laskowych	laskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowych	laskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowy	laskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laskowy	laskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laskowymi	laskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowym	laskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laskowym	laskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laskowym	laskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasonogach	lasonóg	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonoga	lasonóg	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonoga	lasonóg	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogami	lasonóg	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogiem	lasonóg	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogi	lasonóg	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogi	lasonóg	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogi	lasonóg	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogom	lasonóg	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogowi	lasonóg	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogów	lasonóg	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogu	lasonóg	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonogu	lasonóg	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasonóg	lasonóg	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lasostepach	lasostep	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepami	lasostep	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepem	lasostep	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepie	lasostep	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepie	lasostep	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostep	lasostep	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostep	lasostep	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepom	lasostep	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepowi	lasostep	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepów	lasostep	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepu	lasostep	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepy	lasostep	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepy	lasostep	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasostepy	lasostep	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasotce	lasotka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotce	lasotka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotek	lasotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotkach	lasotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotka	lasotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotkami	lasotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotką	lasotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotkę	lasotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotki	lasotka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotki	lasotka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotki	lasotka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotki	lasotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotko	lasotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotkom	lasotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundrach	lasotundra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundra	lasotundra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundrami	lasotundra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundrą	lasotundra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundrę	lasotundra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundr	lasotundra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundro	lasotundra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundrom	lasotundra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundry	lasotundra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundry	lasotundra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundry	lasotundra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundry	lasotundra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundrze	lasotundra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotundrze	lasotundra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczościach	lasotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczościami	lasotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczością	lasotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczości	lasotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczościom	lasotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczość	lasotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórczość	lasotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasotwórcza	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lasotwórczą	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lasotwórczą	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lasotwórczego	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lasotwórczego	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasotwórczej	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lasotwórczej	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lasotwórczej	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lasotwórcze	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasotwórcze	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasotwórcze	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lasotwórcze	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lasotwórczemu	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasotwórczo	lasotwórczy	adja		
lasotwórczych	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lasotwórczych	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasotwórczych	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasotwórczy	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lasotwórczy	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lasotwórczy	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lasotwórczymi	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasotwórczym	lasotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasotwórczym	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasotwórczym	lasotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowaczach	lasowacz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowacza	lasowacz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowacza	lasowacz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczami	lasowacz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowacze	lasowacz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lasowacze	lasowacz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lasowacze	lasowacz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowacze	lasowacz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczem	lasowacz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowacz	lasowacz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczom	lasowacz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczowi	lasowacz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczów	lasowacz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczów	lasowacz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczu	lasowacz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczu	lasowacz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczy	lasowacz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasowaczy	lasowacz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lasować	lasować	inf:imperf		
lasowaliby	lasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lasowalibyście	lasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lasowalibyśmy	lasować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lasowali	lasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lasowali	lasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lasowaliście	lasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lasowaliśmy	lasować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lasowałaby	lasować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lasowałabym	lasować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lasowałabyś	lasować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lasowała	lasować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lasowała	lasować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lasowałam	lasować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lasowałaś	lasować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lasowałby	lasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lasowałbym	lasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lasowałbyś	lasować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lasowałem	lasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lasowałeś	lasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lasował	lasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lasował	lasować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lasowałoby	lasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lasowałobym	lasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lasowałobyś	lasować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lasowało	lasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lasowało	lasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lasowałom	lasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lasowałoś	lasować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lasowałyby	lasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lasowałybyście	lasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lasowałybyśmy	lasować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lasowały	lasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lasowały	lasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lasowałyście	lasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lasowałyśmy	lasować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lasowana	lasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lasowaną	lasować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lasowanego	lasować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lasowanego	lasować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasowanej	lasować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lasowane	lasować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasowane	lasować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasowanemu	lasować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasowaniach	lasować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowania	lasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowania	lasować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowaniami	lasować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowanie	lasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowaniem	lasować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowani	lasować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lasowaniom	lasować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowaniu	lasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lasowano	lasować	imps:imperf		
lasowanych	lasować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lasowanych	lasować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasowany	lasować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lasowany	lasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lasowanymi	lasować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasowanym	lasować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasowanym	lasować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasowań	lasować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lasująca	lasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lasującą	lasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lasującego	lasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lasującego	lasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasującej	lasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lasujące	lasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasujące	lasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasującemu	lasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasując	lasować	pcon:imperf		
lasująco	lasować	pacta		
lasujących	lasować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lasujących	lasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasujący	lasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lasujący	lasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lasujący	lasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lasującymi	lasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasującym	lasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lasującym	lasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lasują	lasować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lasujcie	lasować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lasujecie	lasować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lasuje	lasować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lasujemy	lasować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lasujesz	lasować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lasuję	lasować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lasuj	lasować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lasujmy	lasować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lasowościach	lasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowościami	lasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowością	lasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowości	lasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowościom	lasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowość	lasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowość	lasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowscy	lasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lasowska	lasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lasowską	lasowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lasowską	lasowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lasowskich	lasowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lasowskich	lasowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowskich	lasowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowskiego	lasowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lasowskiego	lasowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowskiej	lasowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lasowskiej	lasowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lasowskiej	lasowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lasowskie	lasowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasowskie	lasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasowskie	lasowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lasowskie	lasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lasowskiemu	lasowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowski	lasowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lasowski	lasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lasowskimi	lasowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowskim	lasowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowskim	lasowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowskim	lasowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowsko	lasowski	adja		
lasowsku	lasowski	adjp		
lasowsko	lasowsko	adv:pos		
lasowskościach	lasowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskościami	lasowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskością	lasowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskości	lasowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskościom	lasowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskość	lasowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowskość	lasowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lasowa	lasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lasową	lasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lasową	lasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lasowego	lasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lasowego	lasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowej	lasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lasowej	lasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lasowej	lasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lasowe	lasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasowe	lasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lasowe	lasowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lasowe	lasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lasowemu	lasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowi	lasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lasowo	lasowy	adja		
lasowych	lasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lasowych	lasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowych	lasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowy	lasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lasowy	lasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lasowymi	lasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowym	lasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lasowym	lasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasowym	lasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lasówce	lasówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówce	lasówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówek	lasówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówkach	lasówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówka	lasówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówkami	lasówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówką	lasówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówkę	lasówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówki	lasówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówki	lasówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówki	lasówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówki	lasówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówko	lasówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lasówkom	lasówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lassalizmach	lassalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmami	lassalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmem	lassalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmie	lassalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmie	lassalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizm	lassalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizm	lassalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmom	lassalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmowi	lassalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmów	lassalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmu	lassalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmy	lassalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmy	lassalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassalizmy	lassalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lassach	lasso	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassa	lasso	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassa	lasso	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassa	lasso	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassa	lasso	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassami	lasso	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassem	lasso	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassie	lasso	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lass	lasso	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lasso	lasso	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lasso	lasso	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lasso	lasso	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassom	lasso	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lassu	lasso	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastricach	lastrico	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrica	lastrico	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrica	lastrico	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrica	lastrico	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrica	lastrico	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastricami	lastrico	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastric	lastrico	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrico	lastrico	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrico	lastrico	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastricom	lastrico	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastricu	lastrico	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastricu	lastrico	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrikiem	lastrico	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrikach	lastriko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrika	lastriko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrika	lastriko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrika	lastriko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrika	lastriko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrikami	lastriko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrikiem	lastriko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrik	lastriko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastriko	lastriko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastriko	lastriko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrikom	lastriko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastriku	lastriko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastriku	lastriko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarscy	lastrykarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lastrykarska	lastrykarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lastrykarską	lastrykarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lastrykarską	lastrykarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lastrykarskich	lastrykarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lastrykarskich	lastrykarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykarskich	lastrykarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykarskiego	lastrykarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lastrykarskiego	lastrykarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lastrykarskiej	lastrykarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lastrykarskiej	lastrykarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lastrykarskiej	lastrykarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lastrykarskie	lastrykarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykarskie	lastrykarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykarskie	lastrykarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lastrykarskie	lastrykarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lastrykarskiemu	lastrykarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lastrykarski	lastrykarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lastrykarski	lastrykarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lastrykarskimi	lastrykarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykarskim	lastrykarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykarskim	lastrykarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lastrykarskim	lastrykarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lastrykarsko	lastrykarski	adja		
lastrykarsku	lastrykarski	adjp		
lastrykarsko	lastrykarsko	adv:pos		
lastrykarskościach	lastrykarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskościami	lastrykarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskością	lastrykarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskości	lastrykarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskościom	lastrykarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskość	lastrykarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarskość	lastrykarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwach	lastrykarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwa	lastrykarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwa	lastrykarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwa	lastrykarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwa	lastrykarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwami	lastrykarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwem	lastrykarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwie	lastrykarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstw	lastrykarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwo	lastrykarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwo	lastrykarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwo	lastrykarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwom	lastrykarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarstwu	lastrykarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzach	lastrykarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzach	lastrykarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarza	lastrykarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarza	lastrykarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarza	lastrykarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarza	lastrykarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzami	lastrykarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzami	lastrykarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarze	lastrykarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzem	lastrykarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzem	lastrykarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarz	lastrykarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarz	lastrykarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzom	lastrykarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzom	lastrykarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzowi	lastrykarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzowi	lastrykarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzów	lastrykarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzów	lastrykarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzu	lastrykarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzu	lastrykarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzu	lastrykarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzu	lastrykarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykarzy	lastrykarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykarzy	lastrykarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykach	lastryko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryka	lastryko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryka	lastryko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryka	lastryko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryka	lastryko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykami	lastryko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykiem	lastryko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryk	lastryko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryko	lastryko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryko	lastryko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lastrykom	lastryko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryku	lastryko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastryku	lastryko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykować	lastrykować	inf:imperf		
lastrykowaliby	lastrykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lastrykowalibyście	lastrykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lastrykowalibyśmy	lastrykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lastrykowali	lastrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lastrykowali	lastrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lastrykowaliście	lastrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lastrykowaliśmy	lastrykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lastrykowałaby	lastrykować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałabym	lastrykować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lastrykowałabyś	lastrykować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lastrykowała	lastrykować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lastrykowała	lastrykować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałam	lastrykować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lastrykowałaś	lastrykować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lastrykowałby	lastrykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałbym	lastrykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lastrykowałbyś	lastrykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lastrykowałem	lastrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lastrykowałeś	lastrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lastrykował	lastrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lastrykował	lastrykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałoby	lastrykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałobym	lastrykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lastrykowałobyś	lastrykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lastrykowało	lastrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lastrykowało	lastrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałom	lastrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lastrykowałoś	lastrykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lastrykowałyby	lastrykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałybyście	lastrykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lastrykowałybyśmy	lastrykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lastrykowały	lastrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lastrykowały	lastrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lastrykowałyście	lastrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lastrykowałyśmy	lastrykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lastrykowana	lastrykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lastrykowaną	lastrykować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanego	lastrykować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanego	lastrykować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanej	lastrykować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lastrykowane	lastrykować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykowane	lastrykować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanemu	lastrykować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowaniach	lastrykować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowania	lastrykować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowania	lastrykować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowaniami	lastrykować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanie	lastrykować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowaniem	lastrykować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowani	lastrykować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lastrykowaniom	lastrykować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowaniu	lastrykować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowano	lastrykować	imps:imperf		
lastrykowanych	lastrykować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanych	lastrykować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykowany	lastrykować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lastrykowany	lastrykować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanymi	lastrykować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanym	lastrykować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykowanym	lastrykować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykowań	lastrykować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykująca	lastrykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lastrykującą	lastrykować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lastrykującego	lastrykować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lastrykującego	lastrykować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykującej	lastrykować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lastrykujące	lastrykować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykujące	lastrykować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykującemu	lastrykować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykując	lastrykować	pcon:imperf		
lastrykująco	lastrykować	pacta		
lastrykujących	lastrykować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lastrykujących	lastrykować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykujący	lastrykować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lastrykujący	lastrykować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lastrykujący	lastrykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lastrykującymi	lastrykować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykującym	lastrykować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lastrykującym	lastrykować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lastrykują	lastrykować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lastrykujcie	lastrykować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lastrykujecie	lastrykować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lastrykuje	lastrykować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lastrykujemy	lastrykować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lastrykujesz	lastrykować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lastrykuję	lastrykować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lastrykuj	lastrykować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lastrykujmy	lastrykować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lastrykowościach	lastrykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowościami	lastrykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowością	lastrykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowości	lastrykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowościom	lastrykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowość	lastrykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowość	lastrykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lastrykowa	lastrykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lastrykową	lastrykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lastrykową	lastrykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lastrykowego	lastrykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lastrykowego	lastrykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lastrykowej	lastrykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lastrykowej	lastrykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lastrykowej	lastrykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lastrykowe	lastrykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykowe	lastrykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykowe	lastrykowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lastrykowe	lastrykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lastrykowemu	lastrykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lastrykowi	lastrykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lastrykowo	lastrykowy	adja		
lastrykowych	lastrykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lastrykowych	lastrykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykowych	lastrykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykowy	lastrykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lastrykowy	lastrykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lastrykowymi	lastrykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykowym	lastrykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lastrykowym	lastrykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lastrykowym	lastrykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laszach	lasza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasza	lasza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszami	lasza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszą	lasza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasze	lasza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasze	lasza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasze	lasza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszę	lasza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lasz	lasza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszo	lasza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszom	lasza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszy	lasza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszy	lasza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszy	lasza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
laszościach	laszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszościami	laszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszością	laszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszości	laszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszościom	laszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszość	laszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszość	laszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laszować	laszować	inf:imperf		
laszowaliby	laszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laszowalibyście	laszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laszowalibyśmy	laszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laszowali	laszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
laszowali	laszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
laszowaliście	laszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
laszowaliśmy	laszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
laszowałaby	laszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laszowałabym	laszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laszowałabyś	laszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laszowała	laszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
laszowała	laszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
laszowałam	laszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
laszowałaś	laszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
laszowałby	laszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laszowałbym	laszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laszowałbyś	laszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laszowałem	laszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
laszowałeś	laszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
laszował	laszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
laszował	laszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
laszowałoby	laszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laszowałobym	laszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laszowałobyś	laszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laszowało	laszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
laszowało	laszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
laszowałom	laszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
laszowałoś	laszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
laszowałyby	laszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laszowałybyście	laszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laszowałybyśmy	laszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laszowały	laszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
laszowały	laszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
laszowałyście	laszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
laszowałyśmy	laszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
laszowana	laszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laszowaną	laszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laszowanego	laszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laszowanego	laszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszowanej	laszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laszowane	laszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszowane	laszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszowanemu	laszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszowaniach	laszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowania	laszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowania	laszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowaniami	laszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowanie	laszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowaniem	laszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowani	laszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laszowaniom	laszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowaniu	laszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laszowano	laszować	imps:imperf		
laszowanych	laszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laszowanych	laszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszowany	laszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laszowany	laszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laszowanymi	laszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszowanym	laszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszowanym	laszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszowań	laszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laszująca	laszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laszującą	laszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laszującego	laszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laszującego	laszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszującej	laszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laszujące	laszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszujące	laszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszującemu	laszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszując	laszować	pcon:imperf		
laszująco	laszować	pacta		
laszujących	laszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laszujących	laszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszujący	laszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laszujący	laszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laszujący	laszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laszującymi	laszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszującym	laszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laszującym	laszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laszują	laszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
laszujcie	laszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
laszujecie	laszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
laszuje	laszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
laszujemy	laszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
laszujesz	laszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
laszuję	laszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
laszuj	laszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
laszujmy	laszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
laszcie	laszt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laszcie	laszt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasztach	laszt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasztami	laszt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasztem	laszt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laszt	laszt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laszt	laszt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasztom	laszt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasztowi	laszt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasztów	laszt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasztu	laszt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laszty	laszt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laszty	laszt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laszty	laszt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lasi	laszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lasza	laszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
laszą	laszy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
laszą	laszy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
laszego	laszy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
laszego	laszy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laszej	laszy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
laszej	laszy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
laszej	laszy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lasze	laszy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lasze	laszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lasze	laszy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lasze	laszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
laszemu	laszy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laszo	laszy	adja		daw.
laszych	laszy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
laszych	laszy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laszych	laszy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laszy	laszy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
laszy	laszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
laszymi	laszy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laszym	laszy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
laszym	laszy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laszym	laszy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
l	lata	brev:pun		
lataczach	latacz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczach	latacz:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latacza	latacz:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latacza	latacz:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latacza	latacz:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latacza	latacz:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczami	latacz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczami	latacz:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latacze	latacz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latacze	latacz:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latacze	latacz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latacze	latacz:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latacze	latacz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latacze	latacz:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczem	latacz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczem	latacz:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latacz	latacz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latacz	latacz:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczom	latacz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczom	latacz:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczowi	latacz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczowi	latacz:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczów	latacz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczu	latacz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczu	latacz:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczu	latacz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczu	latacz:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lataczy	latacz:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lataczach	latacz:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
latacza	latacz:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczami	latacz:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
latacze	latacz:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
latacze	latacz:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
latacze	latacz:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczem	latacz:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
latacz	latacz:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
latacz	latacz:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczom	latacz:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczowi	latacz:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczów	latacz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczu	latacz:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczu	latacz:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lataczy	latacz:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
latacie	latać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
latać	latać	inf:imperf		
latająca	latać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
latającą	latać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
latającego	latać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
latającego	latać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latającej	latać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
latające	latać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latające	latać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latającemu	latać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latając	latać	pcon:imperf		
latająco	latać	pacta		
latających	latać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latających	latać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latający	latać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latający	latać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
latający	latać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
latającymi	latać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latającym	latać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latającym	latać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latają	latać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
latajcie	latać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lataj	latać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
latajmy	latać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lata	latać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lataliby	latać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
latalibyście	latać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
latalibyśmy	latać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latali	latać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
latali	latać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lataliście	latać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lataliśmy	latać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latałaby	latać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latałabym	latać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latałabyś	latać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latała	latać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
latała	latać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latałam	latać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latałaś	latać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latałby	latać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latałbym	latać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latałbyś	latać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latałem	latać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latałeś	latać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latał	latać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
latał	latać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latałoby	latać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latałobym	latać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latałobyś	latać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latało	latać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
latało	latać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latałom	latać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latałoś	latać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latałyby	latać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latałybyście	latać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latałybyśmy	latać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latały	latać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
latały	latać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latałyście	latać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latałyśmy	latać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latam	latać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
latamy	latać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lataniach	latać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latania	latać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
latania	latać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lataniami	latać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
latanie	latać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lataniem	latać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lataniom	latać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lataniu	latać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latano	latać	imps:imperf		
latań	latać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
latasz	latać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lataniach	latania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latania	latania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lataniami	latania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanią	latania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanie	latania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanie	latania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanie	latania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanię	latania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanii	latania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.|hom.
latanii	latania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanii	latania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanii	latania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
latanij	latania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|bot.|char.
latanio	latania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lataniom	latania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lataninach	latanina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latanina	latanina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataninami	latanina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataniną	latanina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataninę	latanina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataninie	latanina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataninie	latanina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latanin	latanina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latanino	latanina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataninom	latanina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataniny	latanina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataniny	latanina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataniny	latanina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lataniny	latanina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latance	latanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latance	latanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanek	latanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latankach	latanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanka	latanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latankami	latanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanką	latanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latankę	latanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanki	latanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanki	latanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanki	latanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanki	latanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latanko	latanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latankom	latanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczce	latareczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczce	latareczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczek	latareczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczkach	latareczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczka	latareczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczkami	latareczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczką	latareczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczkę	latareczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczki	latareczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczki	latareczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczki	latareczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczki	latareczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczko	latareczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latareczkom	latareczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarence	latarenka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarence	latarenka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenek	latarenka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenkach	latarenka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenka	latarenka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenkami	latarenka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenką	latarenka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenkę	latarenka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenki	latarenka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenki	latarenka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenki	latarenka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenki	latarenka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenko	latarenka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarenkom	latarenka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarce	latarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarce	latarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarek	latarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkach	latarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarka	latarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkami	latarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarką	latarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkę	latarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarki	latarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarki	latarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarki	latarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarki	latarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarko	latarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkom	latarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowościach	latarkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowościami	latarkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowością	latarkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowości	latarkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowościom	latarkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowość	latarkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowość	latarkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarkowa	latarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latarkową	latarkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latarkową	latarkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latarkowego	latarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latarkowego	latarkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarkowej	latarkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latarkowej	latarkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latarkowej	latarkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latarkowe	latarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latarkowe	latarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latarkowe	latarkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latarkowe	latarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latarkowemu	latarkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarkowi	latarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latarkowo	latarkowy	adja		
latarkowych	latarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latarkowych	latarkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarkowych	latarkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarkowy	latarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latarkowy	latarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latarkowymi	latarkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarkowym	latarkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarkowym	latarkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarkowym	latarkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarniach	latarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnia	latarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniami	latarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnią	latarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnie	latarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnie	latarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnie	latarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnię	latarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarni	latarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
latarni	latarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarni	latarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarni	latarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnio	latarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniom	latarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarń	latarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
latarnianościach	latarnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianościami	latarnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianością	latarnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianości	latarnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianościom	latarnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianość	latarnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarnianość	latarnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniana	latarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latarnianą	latarniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latarnianą	latarniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latarnianego	latarniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latarnianego	latarniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarnianej	latarniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latarnianej	latarniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latarnianej	latarniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latarniane	latarniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latarniane	latarniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latarniane	latarniany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latarniane	latarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latarnianemu	latarniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarniani	latarniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latarniano	latarniany	adja		
latarnianych	latarniany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latarnianych	latarniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarnianych	latarniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarniany	latarniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latarniany	latarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latarnianymi	latarniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarnianym	latarniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarnianym	latarniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarnianym	latarniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarniarzach	latarniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzach	latarniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarza	latarniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarza	latarniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarza	latarniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarza	latarniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzami	latarniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzami	latarniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarze	latarniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarze	latarniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarze	latarniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarze	latarniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarze	latarniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarze	latarniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarze	latarniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarze	latarniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzem	latarniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzem	latarniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarz	latarniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarz	latarniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzom	latarniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzom	latarniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzowi	latarniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzowi	latarniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzów	latarniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzów	latarniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzu	latarniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzu	latarniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzu	latarniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzu	latarniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
latarniarzy	latarniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarniarzy	latarniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latarnicy	latarnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnicy	latarnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnikach	latarnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnika	latarnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnika	latarnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnikami	latarnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnikiem	latarnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarniki	latarnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latarniki	latarnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latarnik	latarnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnikom	latarnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarnikowi	latarnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarników	latarnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarników	latarnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarniku	latarnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarniku	latarnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowcach	latarniowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowcach	latarniowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowca	latarniowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowca	latarniowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowca	latarniowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowcami	latarniowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowcami	latarniowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowce	latarniowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowce	latarniowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowce	latarniowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowce	latarniowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowce	latarniowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowce	latarniowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowcem	latarniowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowcem	latarniowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowcom	latarniowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowcom	latarniowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowcowi	latarniowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowcowi	latarniowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowców	latarniowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowców	latarniowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowcu	latarniowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowcu	latarniowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowcu	latarniowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowcu	latarniowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowiec	latarniowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowiec	latarniowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|mors.
latarniowiec	latarniowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mors.
latarniowościach	latarniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowościami	latarniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowością	latarniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowości	latarniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowościom	latarniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowość	latarniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowość	latarniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latarniowa	latarniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latarniową	latarniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latarniową	latarniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latarniowego	latarniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latarniowego	latarniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarniowej	latarniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latarniowej	latarniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latarniowej	latarniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latarniowe	latarniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latarniowe	latarniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latarniowe	latarniowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latarniowe	latarniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latarniowemu	latarniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarniowi	latarniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latarniowo	latarniowy	adja		
latarniowych	latarniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latarniowych	latarniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarniowych	latarniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarniowy	latarniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latarniowy	latarniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latarniowymi	latarniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarniowym	latarniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latarniowym	latarniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latarniowym	latarniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latawcowościach	latawcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowościami	latawcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowością	latawcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowości	latawcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowościom	latawcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowość	latawcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowość	latawcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowa	latawcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latawcową	latawcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latawcową	latawcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latawcowego	latawcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latawcowego	latawcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latawcowej	latawcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latawcowej	latawcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latawcowej	latawcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latawcowe	latawcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latawcowe	latawcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latawcowe	latawcowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latawcowe	latawcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latawcowemu	latawcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latawcowi	latawcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latawcowo	latawcowy	adja		
latawcowych	latawcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latawcowych	latawcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latawcowych	latawcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latawcowy	latawcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latawcowy	latawcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latawcowymi	latawcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latawcowym	latawcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latawcowym	latawcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latawcowym	latawcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latawicach	latawica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawica	latawica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawicami	latawica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawicą	latawica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawice	latawica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawice	latawica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawice	latawica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawicę	latawica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawic	latawica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawico	latawica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawicom	latawica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawicy	latawica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawicy	latawica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawicy	latawica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcach	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawcach	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawca	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawca	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawca	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawcami	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawcami	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawce	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawce	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawce	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawce	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawce	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawce	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawcem	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawcem	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawcom	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawcom	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowi	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawcowi	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawców	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawców	latawiec:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawcu	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawcu	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawcu	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawcu	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawiec	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawiec	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latawiec	latawiec:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latawcach	latawiec:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawca	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawca	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcami	latawiec:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawce	latawiec:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawce	latawiec:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcem	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcom	latawiec:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcowi	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawców	latawiec:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawców	latawiec:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcu	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcu	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcy	latawiec:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcy	latawiec:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcze	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawiec	latawiec:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
latawcach	latawiec:s3	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawca	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawca	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawcami	latawiec:s3	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawce	latawiec:s3	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawce	latawiec:s3	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawce	latawiec:s3	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawcem	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawcom	latawiec:s3	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawcowi	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawców	latawiec:s3	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawcu	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawcu	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawcze	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latawiec	latawiec:s3	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lateksach	lateks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksami	lateks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksem	lateks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksie	lateks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksie	lateks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateks	lateks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateks	lateks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksom	lateks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowi	lateks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksów	lateks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksu	lateks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksy	lateks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksy	lateks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksy	lateks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowościach	lateksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowościami	lateksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowością	lateksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowości	lateksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowościom	lateksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowość	lateksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowość	lateksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateksowa	lateksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lateksową	lateksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lateksową	lateksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lateksowego	lateksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lateksowego	lateksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateksowej	lateksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lateksowej	lateksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lateksowej	lateksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lateksowe	lateksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lateksowe	lateksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lateksowe	lateksowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lateksowe	lateksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lateksowemu	lateksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateksowi	lateksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lateksowo	lateksowy	adja		
lateksowych	lateksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lateksowych	lateksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateksowych	lateksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateksowy	lateksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lateksowy	lateksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lateksowymi	lateksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateksowym	lateksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateksowym	lateksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateksowym	lateksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latencjach	latencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencja	latencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencjami	latencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencją	latencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencje	latencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencje	latencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencje	latencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencję	latencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencji	latencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
latencji	latencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencji	latencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencji	latencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencjo	latencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencjom	latencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latencyj	latencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
latensyfikacjach	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacja	latensyfikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacjami	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacją	latensyfikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacje	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacje	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacje	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikację	latensyfikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacji	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
latensyfikacji	latensyfikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacji	latensyfikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacji	latensyfikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacjo	latensyfikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacjom	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latensyfikacyj	latensyfikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lateńscy	lateński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lateńska	lateński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lateńską	lateński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lateńską	lateński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lateńskich	lateński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lateńskich	lateński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateńskich	lateński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateńskiego	lateński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lateńskiego	lateński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateńskiej	lateński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lateńskiej	lateński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lateńskiej	lateński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lateńskie	lateński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lateńskie	lateński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lateńskie	lateński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lateńskie	lateński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lateńskiemu	lateński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateński	lateński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lateński	lateński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lateńskimi	lateński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateńskim	lateński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateńskim	lateński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateńskim	lateński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateńsko	lateński	adja		
lateńsku	lateński	adjp		
lateńsko	lateńsko	adv:pos		
lateńskościach	lateńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskościami	lateńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskością	lateńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskości	lateńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskościom	lateńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskość	lateńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateńskość	lateńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacjach	lateralizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacja	lateralizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacjami	lateralizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacją	lateralizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacje	lateralizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacje	lateralizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacje	lateralizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizację	lateralizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacji	lateralizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lateralizacji	lateralizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacji	lateralizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacji	lateralizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacjo	lateralizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacjom	lateralizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralizacyj	lateralizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lateralnie	lateralnie	adv:pos		
lateralnościach	lateralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralnościami	lateralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralnością	lateralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralności	lateralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralnościom	lateralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralność	lateralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralność	lateralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lateralna	lateralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lateralną	lateralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lateralną	lateralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lateralnego	lateralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lateralnego	lateralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateralnej	lateralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lateralnej	lateralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lateralnej	lateralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lateralne	lateralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lateralne	lateralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lateralne	lateralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lateralne	lateralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lateralnemu	lateralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateralni	lateralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lateralno	lateralny	adja		
lateralnych	lateralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lateralnych	lateralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateralnych	lateralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateralny	lateralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lateralny	lateralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lateralnymi	lateralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateralnym	lateralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lateralnym	lateralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lateralnym	lateralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterańscy	laterański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laterańska	laterański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laterańską	laterański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laterańską	laterański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laterańskich	laterański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laterańskich	laterański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterańskich	laterański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterańskiego	laterański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laterańskiego	laterański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterańskiej	laterański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laterańskiej	laterański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laterańskiej	laterański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laterańskie	laterański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laterańskie	laterański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laterańskie	laterański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laterańskie	laterański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laterańskiemu	laterański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterański	laterański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laterański	laterański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laterańskimi	laterański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterańskim	laterański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterańskim	laterański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterańskim	laterański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterańsko	laterański	adja		
laterańsku	laterański	adjp		
laterańsko	laterańsko	adv:pos		
laterańskościach	laterańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskościami	laterańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskością	laterańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskości	laterańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskościom	laterańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskość	laterańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterańskość	laterańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latercynach	latercyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyna	latercyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynami	latercyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyną	latercyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynę	latercyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynie	latercyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynie	latercyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyn	latercyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyno	latercyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynom	latercyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyny	latercyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyny	latercyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyny	latercyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercyny	latercyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowościach	latercynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowościami	latercynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowością	latercynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowości	latercynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowościom	latercynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowość	latercynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowość	latercynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latercynowa	latercynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
latercynową	latercynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
latercynową	latercynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
latercynowego	latercynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
latercynowego	latercynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
latercynowej	latercynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
latercynowej	latercynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
latercynowej	latercynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
latercynowe	latercynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
latercynowe	latercynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
latercynowe	latercynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
latercynowe	latercynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
latercynowemu	latercynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
latercynowi	latercynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
latercynowo	latercynowy	adja		daw.
latercynowych	latercynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
latercynowych	latercynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
latercynowych	latercynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
latercynowy	latercynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
latercynowy	latercynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
latercynowymi	latercynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
latercynowym	latercynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
latercynowym	latercynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
latercynowym	latercynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
laterycie	lateryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterycie	lateryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytach	lateryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytami	lateryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytem	lateryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateryt	lateryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateryt	lateryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytom	lateryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowi	lateryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytów	lateryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytu	lateryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateryty	lateryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateryty	lateryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lateryty	lateryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowościach	laterytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowościami	laterytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowością	laterytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowości	laterytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowościom	laterytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowość	laterytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowość	laterytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laterytowa	laterytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laterytową	laterytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laterytową	laterytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laterytowego	laterytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laterytowego	laterytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterytowej	laterytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laterytowej	laterytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laterytowej	laterytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laterytowe	laterytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laterytowe	laterytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laterytowe	laterytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laterytowe	laterytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laterytowemu	laterytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterytowi	laterytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laterytowo	laterytowy	adja		
laterytowych	laterytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laterytowych	laterytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterytowych	laterytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterytowy	laterytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laterytowy	laterytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laterytowymi	laterytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterytowym	laterytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laterytowym	laterytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laterytowym	laterytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latimeriach	latimeria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimeria	latimeria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimeriami	latimeria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerią	latimeria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerie	latimeria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerie	latimeria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerie	latimeria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerię	latimeria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerii	latimeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
latimerii	latimeria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerii	latimeria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerii	latimeria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimerio	latimeria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimeriom	latimeria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latimeryj	latimeria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
latek	latko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latkach	latko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latka	latko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latka	latko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latka	latko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latka	latko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latkami	latko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latkiem	latko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latko	latko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latko	latko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latko	latko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latkom	latko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latku	latko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latku	latko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latach	lato	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lata	lato	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lata	lato	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lata	lato	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lata	lato	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latami	lato	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latem	lato	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lat	lato	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lato	lato	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lato	lato	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lato	lato	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latom	lato	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latu	lato	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecie	lato	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latoperzach	latoperz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzach	latoperz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperza	latoperz	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperza	latoperz	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperza	latoperz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperza	latoperz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperzami	latoperz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzami	latoperz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperze	latoperz	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperze	latoperz	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperze	latoperz	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperze	latoperz	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperze	latoperz	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperze	latoperz	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperzem	latoperz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzem	latoperz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperz	latoperz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperz	latoperz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperzom	latoperz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzom	latoperz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperzowi	latoperz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzowi	latoperz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperzów	latoperz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzu	latoperz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzu	latoperz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperzu	latoperz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
latoperzu	latoperz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latoperzy	latoperz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
latopisarscy	latopisarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latopisarska	latopisarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latopisarską	latopisarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latopisarską	latopisarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latopisarskich	latopisarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latopisarskich	latopisarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisarskich	latopisarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisarskiego	latopisarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latopisarskiego	latopisarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisarskiej	latopisarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latopisarskiej	latopisarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latopisarskiej	latopisarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latopisarskie	latopisarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latopisarskie	latopisarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latopisarskie	latopisarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latopisarskie	latopisarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latopisarskiemu	latopisarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisarski	latopisarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latopisarski	latopisarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latopisarskimi	latopisarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisarskim	latopisarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisarskim	latopisarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisarskim	latopisarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisarsko	latopisarski	adja		
latopisarsku	latopisarski	adjp		
latopisarsko	latopisarsko	adv:pos		
latopisarskościach	latopisarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskościami	latopisarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskością	latopisarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskości	latopisarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskościom	latopisarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskość	latopisarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarskość	latopisarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwach	latopisarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwa	latopisarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwa	latopisarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwa	latopisarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwa	latopisarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwami	latopisarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwem	latopisarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwie	latopisarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstw	latopisarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwo	latopisarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwo	latopisarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwo	latopisarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwom	latopisarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarstwu	latopisarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzach	latopisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzach	latopisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarza	latopisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarza	latopisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarza	latopisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarza	latopisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzami	latopisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzami	latopisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarze	latopisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarze	latopisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarze	latopisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarze	latopisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarze	latopisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarze	latopisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarze	latopisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarze	latopisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzem	latopisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzem	latopisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarz	latopisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarz	latopisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzom	latopisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzom	latopisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzowi	latopisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzowi	latopisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzów	latopisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzów	latopisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzu	latopisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzu	latopisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzu	latopisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzu	latopisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
latopisarzy	latopisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisarzy	latopisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopiscach	latopisiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisca	latopisiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisca	latopisiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscami	latopisiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisce	latopisiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisce	latopisiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscem	latopisiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscom	latopisiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscowi	latopisiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisców	latopisiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisców	latopisiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscu	latopisiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscu	latopisiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscy	latopisiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiscy	latopisiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisiec	latopisiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismach	latopism	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismami	latopism	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismem	latopism	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismie	latopism	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismie	latopism	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopism	latopism	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopism	latopism	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismom	latopism	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismowi	latopism	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismów	latopism	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismu	latopism	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismy	latopism	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismy	latopism	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismy	latopism	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismach	latopismo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisma	latopismo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisma	latopismo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisma	latopismo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisma	latopismo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismami	latopismo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismem	latopismo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopism	latopismo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismo	latopismo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismo	latopismo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismo	latopismo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismom	latopismo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopismu	latopismo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopiśmie	latopismo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latopisowościach	latopisowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowościami	latopisowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowością	latopisowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowości	latopisowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowościom	latopisowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowość	latopisowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowość	latopisowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowa	latopisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latopisową	latopisowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latopisową	latopisowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latopisowego	latopisowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latopisowego	latopisowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisowej	latopisowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latopisowej	latopisowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latopisowej	latopisowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latopisowe	latopisowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latopisowe	latopisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latopisowe	latopisowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latopisowe	latopisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latopisowemu	latopisowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisowi	latopisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latopisowo	latopisowy	adja		
latopisowych	latopisowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latopisowych	latopisowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisowych	latopisowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisowy	latopisowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latopisowy	latopisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latopisowymi	latopisowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisowym	latopisowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latopisowym	latopisowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisowym	latopisowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latopisach	latopis:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisa	latopis:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisa	latopis:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisami	latopis:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisem	latopis:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisie	latopis:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisie	latopis:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopis	latopis:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisom	latopis:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowie	latopis:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowie	latopis:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowi	latopis:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisów	latopis:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisów	latopis:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latopisy	latopis:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisy	latopis:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latopisach	latopis:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisami	latopis:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisem	latopis:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisie	latopis:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisie	latopis:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopis	latopis:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopis	latopis:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisom	latopis:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisowi	latopis:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisów	latopis:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisu	latopis:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisy	latopis:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisy	latopis:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latopisy	latopis:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latorostce	latorostka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostce	latorostka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostek	latorostka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostkach	latorostka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostka	latorostka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostkami	latorostka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostką	latorostka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostkę	latorostka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostki	latorostka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostki	latorostka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostki	latorostka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostki	latorostka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostko	latorostka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorostkom	latorostka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorościach	latorość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorościami	latorość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorością	latorość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorości	latorość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorościom	latorość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorość	latorość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorość	latorość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślach	latorośl	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latoroślami	latorośl	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latoroślą	latorośl	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośle	latorośl	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośle	latorośl	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośle	latorośl	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośli	latorośl	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośli	latorośl	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośli	latorośl	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośli	latorośl	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośli	latorośl	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośl	latorośl	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latorośl	latorośl	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latoroślom	latorośl	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latoroślce	latoroślka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślce	latoroślka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślek	latoroślka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślkach	latoroślka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślka	latoroślka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślkami	latoroślka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślką	latoroślka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślkę	latoroślka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślki	latoroślka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślki	latoroślka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślki	latoroślka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślki	latoroślka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślko	latoroślka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latoroślkom	latoroślka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
latorózdze	latorózga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózdze	latorózga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgach	latorózga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózga	latorózga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgami	latorózga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgą	latorózga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgę	latorózga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgi	latorózga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgi	latorózga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgi	latorózga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgi	latorózga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózg	latorózga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgo	latorózga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latorózgom	latorózga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latosia	latosi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latosią	latosi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latosią	latosi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latosich	latosi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latosich	latosi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latosich	latosi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latosiego	latosi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latosiego	latosi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latosiej	latosi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latosiej	latosi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latosiej	latosi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latosie	latosi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latosie	latosi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latosie	latosi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latosie	latosi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latosiemu	latosi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latosi	latosi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latosi	latosi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latosi	latosi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latosimi	latosi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latosim	latosi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latosim	latosi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latosim	latosi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latosio	latosi	adja		
latosiościach	latosiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiościami	latosiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiością	latosiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiości	latosiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiościom	latosiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiość	latosiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latosiość	latosiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latoś	latoś	adv		przest.
latować	latować	inf:imperf		
latowaliby	latować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
latowalibyście	latować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
latowalibyśmy	latować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latowali	latować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
latowali	latować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
latowaliście	latować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
latowaliśmy	latować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latowałaby	latować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latowałabym	latować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latowałabyś	latować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latowała	latować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
latowała	latować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latowałam	latować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latowałaś	latować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latowałby	latować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latowałbym	latować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latowałbyś	latować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latowałem	latować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latowałeś	latować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latował	latować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
latował	latować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latowałoby	latować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latowałobym	latować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latowałobyś	latować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latowało	latować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
latowało	latować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latowałom	latować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latowałoś	latować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latowałyby	latować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latowałybyście	latować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latowałybyśmy	latować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latowały	latować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
latowały	latować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latowałyście	latować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latowałyśmy	latować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latowaniach	latować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latowania	latować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
latowania	latować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
latowaniami	latować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
latowanie	latować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
latowaniem	latować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
latowaniom	latować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
latowaniu	latować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latowano	latować	imps:imperf		
latowań	latować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
latująca	latować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
latującą	latować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
latującego	latować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
latującego	latować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latującej	latować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
latujące	latować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latujące	latować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latującemu	latować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latując	latować	pcon:imperf		
latująco	latować	pacta		
latujących	latować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latujących	latować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latujący	latować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latujący	latować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
latujący	latować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
latującymi	latować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latującym	latować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latującym	latować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latują	latować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
latujcie	latować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
latujecie	latować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
latuje	latować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
latujemy	latować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
latujesz	latować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
latuję	latować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
latuj	latować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
latujmy	latować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
latowiskach	latowisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowiska	latowisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowiska	latowisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowiska	latowisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowiska	latowisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowiskami	latowisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowiskiem	latowisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowisk	latowisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowisko	latowisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowisko	latowisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowisko	latowisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowiskom	latowisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowisku	latowisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowisku	latowisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
latowościach	latowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowościami	latowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowością	latowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowości	latowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowościom	latowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowość	latowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowość	latowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latowa	latowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latową	latowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latową	latowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latowego	latowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latowego	latowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latowej	latowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latowej	latowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latowej	latowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latowe	latowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latowe	latowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latowe	latowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latowe	latowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latowemu	latowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latowi	latowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latowo	latowy	adja		
latowych	latowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latowych	latowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latowych	latowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latowy	latowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latowy	latowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latowymi	latowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latowym	latowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latowym	latowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latowym	latowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latówce	latówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówce	latówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówek	latówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówkach	latówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówka	latówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówkami	latówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówką	latówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówkę	latówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówki	latówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówki	latówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówki	latówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówki	latówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówko	latówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latówkom	latówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latriach	latria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latria	latria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latriami	latria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrią	latria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrie	latria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrie	latria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrie	latria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrię	latria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrii	latria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
latrii	latria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrii	latria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrii	latria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrio	latria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latriom	latria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryj	latria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
latrach	latry	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latrami	latry	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latrom	latry	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latrów	latry	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latry	latry	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latry	latry	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latry	latry	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
latrynach	latryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryna	latryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrynami	latryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryną	latryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrynę	latryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrynie	latryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrynie	latryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryn	latryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryno	latryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latrynom	latryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryny	latryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryny	latryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryny	latryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latryny	latryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialnościach	latyfundialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialnościami	latyfundialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialnością	latyfundialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialności	latyfundialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialnościom	latyfundialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialność	latyfundialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialność	latyfundialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundialna	latyfundialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latyfundialną	latyfundialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latyfundialną	latyfundialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latyfundialnego	latyfundialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latyfundialnego	latyfundialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyfundialnej	latyfundialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latyfundialnej	latyfundialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latyfundialnej	latyfundialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latyfundialne	latyfundialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latyfundialne	latyfundialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latyfundialne	latyfundialny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latyfundialne	latyfundialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latyfundialnemu	latyfundialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyfundialni	latyfundialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latyfundialno	latyfundialny	adja		
latyfundialnych	latyfundialny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latyfundialnych	latyfundialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyfundialnych	latyfundialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyfundialny	latyfundialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latyfundialny	latyfundialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latyfundialnymi	latyfundialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyfundialnym	latyfundialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyfundialnym	latyfundialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyfundialnym	latyfundialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyfundiach	latyfundium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundia	latyfundium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundia	latyfundium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundia	latyfundium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundiami	latyfundium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundiom	latyfundium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundiów	latyfundium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundium	latyfundium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundium	latyfundium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundium	latyfundium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundium	latyfundium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundium	latyfundium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundium	latyfundium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundium	latyfundium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundystach	latyfundysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundysta	latyfundysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundystami	latyfundysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundystą	latyfundysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundystę	latyfundysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundysto	latyfundysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundystom	latyfundysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundystów	latyfundysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundystów	latyfundysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundysty	latyfundysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundysty	latyfundysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundysty	latyfundysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundyście	latyfundysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundyście	latyfundysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundyści	latyfundysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyfundyści	latyfundysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistach	latynista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynista	latynista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistami	latynista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistą	latynista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistę	latynista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynisto	latynista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistom	latynista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistów	latynista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistów	latynista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynisty	latynista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latynisty	latynista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latynisty	latynista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyniście	latynista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyniście	latynista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyniści	latynista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latyniści	latynista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynistce	latynistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistce	latynistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistek	latynistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistkach	latynistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistka	latynistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistkami	latynistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistką	latynistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistkę	latynistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistki	latynistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistki	latynistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistki	latynistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistki	latynistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistko	latynistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistkom	latynistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistycznie	latynistycznie	adv:pos		
latynistycznościach	latynistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistycznościami	latynistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistycznością	latynistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczności	latynistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistycznościom	latynistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczność	latynistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczność	latynistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyczna	latynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latynistyczną	latynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latynistyczną	latynistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latynistycznego	latynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latynistycznego	latynistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynistycznej	latynistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latynistycznej	latynistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latynistycznej	latynistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latynistyczne	latynistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latynistyczne	latynistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latynistyczne	latynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latynistyczne	latynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latynistycznemu	latynistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynistyczni	latynistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latynistyczno	latynistyczny	adja		
latynistycznych	latynistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latynistycznych	latynistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynistycznych	latynistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynistyczny	latynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latynistyczny	latynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latynistycznymi	latynistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynistycznym	latynistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynistycznym	latynistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynistycznym	latynistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynistyce	latynistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyce	latynistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistykach	latynistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyka	latynistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistykami	latynistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyką	latynistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistykę	latynistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyki	latynistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyki	latynistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyki	latynistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyki	latynistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyk	latynistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistyko	latynistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynistykom	latynistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacjach	latynizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacja	latynizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacjami	latynizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacją	latynizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacje	latynizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacje	latynizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacje	latynizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizację	latynizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacji	latynizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
latynizacji	latynizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacji	latynizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacji	latynizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacjo	latynizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacjom	latynizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynizacyj	latynizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
latynizatorach	latynizator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatora	latynizator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatora	latynizator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorami	latynizator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorem	latynizator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizator	latynizator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorom	latynizator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorowi	latynizator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorów	latynizator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorów	latynizator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatory	latynizator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatory	latynizator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorze	latynizator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorze	latynizator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorzy	latynizator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizatorzy	latynizator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmach	latynizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmami	latynizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmem	latynizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmie	latynizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmie	latynizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizm	latynizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizm	latynizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmom	latynizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmowi	latynizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmów	latynizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmu	latynizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmy	latynizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmy	latynizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizmy	latynizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latynizować	latynizować	inf:imperf		
latynizowaliby	latynizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
latynizowalibyście	latynizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
latynizowalibyśmy	latynizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latynizowali	latynizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
latynizowali	latynizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
latynizowaliście	latynizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
latynizowaliśmy	latynizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latynizowałaby	latynizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latynizowałabym	latynizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latynizowałabyś	latynizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latynizowała	latynizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
latynizowała	latynizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latynizowałam	latynizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latynizowałaś	latynizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latynizowałby	latynizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latynizowałbym	latynizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latynizowałbyś	latynizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latynizowałem	latynizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latynizowałeś	latynizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latynizował	latynizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
latynizował	latynizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latynizowałoby	latynizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latynizowałobym	latynizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latynizowałobyś	latynizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latynizowało	latynizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
latynizowało	latynizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latynizowałom	latynizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latynizowałoś	latynizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latynizowałyby	latynizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latynizowałybyście	latynizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latynizowałybyśmy	latynizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latynizowały	latynizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
latynizowały	latynizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latynizowałyście	latynizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latynizowałyśmy	latynizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latynizowana	latynizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
latynizowaną	latynizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
latynizowanego	latynizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
latynizowanego	latynizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowanej	latynizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
latynizowane	latynizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizowane	latynizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowanemu	latynizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowaniach	latynizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowania	latynizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowania	latynizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowaniami	latynizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowanie	latynizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowaniem	latynizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowani	latynizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latynizowaniom	latynizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowaniu	latynizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowano	latynizować	imps:imperf		
latynizowanych	latynizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latynizowanych	latynizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizowany	latynizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
latynizowany	latynizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
latynizowanymi	latynizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizowanym	latynizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizowanym	latynizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizowań	latynizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
latynizująca	latynizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
latynizującą	latynizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
latynizującego	latynizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
latynizującego	latynizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizującej	latynizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
latynizujące	latynizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizujące	latynizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizującemu	latynizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizując	latynizować	pcon:imperf		
latynizująco	latynizować	pacta		
latynizujących	latynizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latynizujących	latynizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizujący	latynizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latynizujący	latynizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
latynizujący	latynizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
latynizującymi	latynizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizującym	latynizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latynizującym	latynizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latynizują	latynizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
latynizujcie	latynizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
latynizujecie	latynizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
latynizuje	latynizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
latynizujemy	latynizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
latynizujesz	latynizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
latynizuję	latynizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
latynizuj	latynizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
latynizujmy	latynizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
latynoamerykanizacjach	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacja	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacjami	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacją	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacje	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacje	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacje	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizację	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacji	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
latynoamerykanizacji	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacji	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacji	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacjo	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacjom	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykanizacyj	latynoamerykanizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
latynoamerykańscy	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latynoamerykańska	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latynoamerykańską	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latynoamerykańską	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latynoamerykańskich	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latynoamerykańskich	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoamerykańskich	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoamerykańskiego	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latynoamerykańskiego	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynoamerykańskiej	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latynoamerykańskiej	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latynoamerykańskiej	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latynoamerykańskie	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latynoamerykańskie	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latynoamerykańskie	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latynoamerykańskie	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latynoamerykańskiemu	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynoamerykański	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latynoamerykański	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latynoamerykańskimi	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoamerykańskim	latynoamerykański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoamerykańskim	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynoamerykańskim	latynoamerykański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynoamerykańsko	latynoamerykański	adja		
latynoamerykańsku	latynoamerykański	adjp		
latynoamerykańsko	latynoamerykańsko	adv:pos		
latynoamerykańskościach	latynoamerykańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskościami	latynoamerykańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskością	latynoamerykańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskości	latynoamerykańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskościom	latynoamerykańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskość	latynoamerykańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoamerykańskość	latynoamerykańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoscy	latynoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latynoska	latynoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latynoską	latynoski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latynoską	latynoski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latynoskich	latynoski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latynoskich	latynoski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoskich	latynoski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoskiego	latynoski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latynoskiego	latynoski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynoskiej	latynoski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latynoskiej	latynoski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latynoskiej	latynoski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latynoskie	latynoski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latynoskie	latynoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latynoskie	latynoski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latynoskie	latynoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latynoskiemu	latynoski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynoski	latynoski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latynoski	latynoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latynoskimi	latynoski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoskim	latynoski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latynoskim	latynoski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynoskim	latynoski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latynosko	latynoski	adja		
latynosku	latynoski	adjp		
latynosko	latynosko	adv:pos		
latynoskościach	latynoskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskościami	latynoskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskością	latynoskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskości	latynoskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskościom	latynoskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskość	latynoskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latynoskość	latynoskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńscy	latyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
latyńska	latyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
latyńską	latyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
latyńską	latyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
latyńskich	latyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
latyńskich	latyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyńskich	latyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyńskiego	latyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
latyńskiego	latyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyńskiej	latyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
latyńskiej	latyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
latyńskiej	latyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
latyńskie	latyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latyńskie	latyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
latyńskie	latyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
latyńskie	latyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
latyńskiemu	latyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyński	latyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
latyński	latyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
latyńskimi	latyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyńskim	latyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
latyńskim	latyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyńskim	latyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
latyńsko	latyński	adja		
latyńsku	latyński	adjp		
latyńsko	latyńsko	adv:pos		
latyńskościach	latyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskościami	latyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskością	latyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskości	latyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskościom	latyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskość	latyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
latyńskość	latyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
latycie	latyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latycie	latyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latytach	latyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latytami	latyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latytem	latyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latyt	latyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latyt	latyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latytom	latyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latytowi	latyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latytów	latyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latytu	latyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latyty	latyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latyty	latyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latyty	latyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latująca	latywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
latującą	latywać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
latującego	latywać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
latującego	latywać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latującej	latywać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
latujące	latywać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latujące	latywać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latującemu	latywać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latując	latywać	pcon:imperf		
latująco	latywać	pacta		
latujących	latywać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latujących	latywać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latujący	latywać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
latujący	latywać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
latujący	latywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
latującymi	latywać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latującym	latywać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
latującym	latywać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
latują	latywać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
latujcie	latywać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
latujecie	latywać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
latuje	latywać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
latujemy	latywać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
latujesz	latywać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
latuję	latywać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
latuj	latywać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
latujmy	latywać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
latywać	latywać	inf:imperf		
latywaliby	latywać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
latywalibyście	latywać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
latywalibyśmy	latywać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latywali	latywać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
latywali	latywać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
latywaliście	latywać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
latywaliśmy	latywać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
latywałaby	latywać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latywałabym	latywać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latywałabyś	latywać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latywała	latywać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
latywała	latywać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
latywałam	latywać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
latywałaś	latywać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
latywałby	latywać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latywałbym	latywać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latywałbyś	latywać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latywałem	latywać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
latywałeś	latywać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
latywał	latywać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
latywał	latywać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
latywałoby	latywać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latywałobym	latywać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latywałobyś	latywać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latywało	latywać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
latywało	latywać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
latywałom	latywać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
latywałoś	latywać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
latywałyby	latywać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latywałybyście	latywać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latywałybyśmy	latywać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latywały	latywać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
latywały	latywać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
latywałyście	latywać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
latywałyśmy	latywać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
latywaniach	latywać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latywania	latywać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
latywania	latywać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
latywaniami	latywać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
latywanie	latywać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
latywaniem	latywać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
latywaniom	latywać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
latywaniu	latywać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
latywano	latywać	imps:imperf		
latywań	latywać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laubzedze	laubzega	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzedze	laubzega	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegach	laubzega	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzega	laubzega	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegami	laubzega	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegą	laubzega	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegę	laubzega	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegi	laubzega	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegi	laubzega	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegi	laubzega	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegi	laubzega	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzeg	laubzega	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzego	laubzega	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegom	laubzega	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowościach	laubzegowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowościami	laubzegowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowością	laubzegowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowości	laubzegowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowościom	laubzegowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowość	laubzegowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowość	laubzegowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laubzegowa	laubzegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laubzegową	laubzegowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laubzegową	laubzegowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laubzegowego	laubzegowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laubzegowego	laubzegowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laubzegowej	laubzegowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laubzegowej	laubzegowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laubzegowej	laubzegowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laubzegowe	laubzegowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laubzegowe	laubzegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laubzegowe	laubzegowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laubzegowe	laubzegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laubzegowemu	laubzegowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laubzegowi	laubzegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laubzegowo	laubzegowy	adja		
laubzegowych	laubzegowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laubzegowych	laubzegowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laubzegowych	laubzegowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laubzegowy	laubzegowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laubzegowy	laubzegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laubzegowymi	laubzegowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laubzegowym	laubzegowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laubzegowym	laubzegowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laubzegowym	laubzegowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laudach	lauda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lauda	lauda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudami	lauda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudą	lauda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudę	lauda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laud	lauda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudo	lauda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudom	lauda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudy	lauda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudy	lauda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudy	lauda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudy	lauda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudzie	lauda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudzie	lauda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacjach	laudacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacja	laudacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacjami	laudacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacją	laudacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacje	laudacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacje	laudacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacje	laudacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudację	laudacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacji	laudacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laudacji	laudacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacji	laudacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacji	laudacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacjo	laudacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacjom	laudacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laudacyj	laudacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laudanach	laudanum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudana	laudanum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudana	laudanum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudana	laudanum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanami	laudanum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanom	laudanum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanów	laudanum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanum	laudanum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanum	laudanum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanum	laudanum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanum	laudanum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanum	laudanum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanum	laudanum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudanum	laudanum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorach	laudator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatora	laudator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatora	laudator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorami	laudator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorem	laudator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudator	laudator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorom	laudator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorowi	laudator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorów	laudator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorów	laudator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatory	laudator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laudatory	laudator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorze	laudator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorze	laudator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorzy	laudator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudatorzy	laudator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laudesach	laudesy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laudesami	laudesy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laudesom	laudesy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laudesów	laudesy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laudesy	laudesy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laudesy	laudesy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laudesy	laudesy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
laudach	laudum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lauda	laudum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lauda	laudum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lauda	laudum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudami	laudum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudom	laudum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudów	laudum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudum	laudum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudum	laudum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudum	laudum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudum	laudum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudum	laudum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudum	laudum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudum	laudum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
laudystach	laudysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudysta	laudysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudystami	laudysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudystą	laudysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudystę	laudysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudysto	laudysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudystom	laudysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudystów	laudysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudystów	laudysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudysty	laudysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudysty	laudysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudysty	laudysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudyście	laudysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudyście	laudysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudyści	laudysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laudyści	laudysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufer	laufer:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufrach	laufer:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufra	laufer:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufra	laufer:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lauframi	laufer:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufrem	laufer:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufrom	laufer:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufrowi	laufer:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufrów	laufer:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufry	laufer:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufry	laufer:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufry	laufer:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufrze	laufer:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufrze	laufer:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laufer	laufer:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrach	laufer:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufra	laufer:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufra	laufer:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lauframi	laufer:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrem	laufer:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrom	laufer:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrowie	laufer:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrowie	laufer:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrowi	laufer:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrów	laufer:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrów	laufer:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufry	laufer:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufry	laufer:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrze	laufer:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrze	laufer:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrzy	laufer:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufrzy	laufer:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
laufer	laufer:s3	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufer	laufer:s3	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrach	laufer:s3	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufra	laufer:s3	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lauframi	laufer:s3	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrem	laufer:s3	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrom	laufer:s3	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrowi	laufer:s3	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrów	laufer:s3	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufry	laufer:s3	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufry	laufer:s3	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufry	laufer:s3	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrze	laufer:s3	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrze	laufer:s3	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laufrować	laufrować	inf:imperf		przest.
laufrowaliby	laufrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowalibyście	laufrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowalibyśmy	laufrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowali	laufrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
laufrowali	laufrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowaliście	laufrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowaliśmy	laufrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowałaby	laufrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałabym	laufrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowałabyś	laufrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowała	laufrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
laufrowała	laufrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałam	laufrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowałaś	laufrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowałby	laufrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałbym	laufrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowałbyś	laufrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowałem	laufrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowałeś	laufrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrował	laufrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
laufrował	laufrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałoby	laufrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałobym	laufrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowałobyś	laufrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowało	laufrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
laufrowało	laufrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałom	laufrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowałoś	laufrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowałyby	laufrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałybyście	laufrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowałybyśmy	laufrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowały	laufrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
laufrowały	laufrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrowałyście	laufrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrowałyśmy	laufrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrowaniach	laufrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowania	laufrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowania	laufrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowaniami	laufrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowanie	laufrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowaniem	laufrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowaniom	laufrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowaniu	laufrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrowano	laufrować	imps:imperf		przest.
laufrowań	laufrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
laufrująca	laufrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
laufrującą	laufrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
laufrującego	laufrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
laufrującego	laufrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laufrującej	laufrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
laufrujące	laufrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laufrujące	laufrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laufrującemu	laufrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laufrując	laufrować	pcon:imperf		przest.
laufrująco	laufrować	pacta		
laufrujących	laufrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laufrujących	laufrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laufrujący	laufrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
laufrujący	laufrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
laufrujący	laufrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
laufrującymi	laufrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laufrującym	laufrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
laufrującym	laufrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
laufrują	laufrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrujcie	laufrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrujecie	laufrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
laufruje	laufrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
laufrujemy	laufrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
laufrujesz	laufrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
laufruję	laufrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
laufruj	laufrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
laufrujmy	laufrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
laurach	laur	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laurami	laur	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laurem	laur	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laur	laur	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laur	laur	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laurom	laur	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laurowi	laur	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laurów	laur	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lauru	laur	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laury	laur	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laury	laur	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laury	laur	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laurze	laur	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laurze	laur	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laureacie	laureat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureacie	laureat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureaci	laureat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureaci	laureat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureatach	laureat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureata	laureat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureata	laureat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureatami	laureat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureatem	laureat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureat	laureat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureatom	laureat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureatowi	laureat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureatów	laureat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureatów	laureat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
laureaty	laureat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laureaty	laureat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laureatce	laureatka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatce	laureatka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatek	laureatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatkach	laureatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatka	laureatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatkami	laureatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatką	laureatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatkę	laureatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatki	laureatka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatki	laureatka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatki	laureatka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatki	laureatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatko	laureatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laureatkom	laureatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencjach	laurencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencja	laurencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencjami	laurencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencją	laurencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencje	laurencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencje	laurencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencje	laurencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencję	laurencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencji	laurencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laurencji	laurencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencji	laurencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencji	laurencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencjo	laurencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencjom	laurencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurencyj	laurencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
laurce	laurka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurce	laurka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurek	laurka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkach	laurka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurka	laurka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkami	laurka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurką	laurka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkę	laurka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurki	laurka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurki	laurka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurki	laurka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurki	laurka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurko	laurka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkom	laurka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowo	laurkowo	adv:pos		
laurkowościach	laurkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowościami	laurkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowością	laurkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowości	laurkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowościom	laurkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowość	laurkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowość	laurkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurkowa	laurkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laurkową	laurkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laurkową	laurkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laurkowego	laurkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laurkowego	laurkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laurkowej	laurkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laurkowej	laurkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laurkowej	laurkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laurkowe	laurkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laurkowe	laurkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laurkowe	laurkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laurkowe	laurkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laurkowemu	laurkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laurkowi	laurkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laurkowo	laurkowy	adja		
laurkowych	laurkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laurkowych	laurkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurkowych	laurkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurkowy	laurkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laurkowy	laurkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laurkowymi	laurkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurkowym	laurkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurkowym	laurkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laurkowym	laurkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laurowisien	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
laurowiśniach	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśnia	laurowiśnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśniami	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśnią	laurowiśnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśnie	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśnie	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśnie	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśnię	laurowiśnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśni	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
laurowiśni	laurowiśnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśni	laurowiśnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśni	laurowiśnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśnio	laurowiśnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowiśniom	laurowiśnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowo	laurowo	adv:pos		
laurowościach	laurowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowościami	laurowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowością	laurowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowości	laurowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowościom	laurowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowość	laurowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowość	laurowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
laurowa	laurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
laurową	laurowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
laurową	laurowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
laurowego	laurowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
laurowego	laurowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laurowej	laurowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
laurowej	laurowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
laurowej	laurowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
laurowe	laurowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laurowe	laurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
laurowe	laurowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
laurowe	laurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
laurowemu	laurowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laurowi	laurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
laurowo	laurowy	adja		
laurowych	laurowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
laurowych	laurowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurowych	laurowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurowy	laurowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
laurowy	laurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
laurowymi	laurowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurowym	laurowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
laurowym	laurowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
laurowym	laurowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lautalach	lautal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalami	lautal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautale	lautal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautale	lautal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautale	lautal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalem	lautal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautali	lautal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautal	lautal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautal	lautal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalom	lautal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalowi	lautal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalów	lautal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalu	lautal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalu	lautal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lautalu	lautal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lavabo	lavabo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawach	lawa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawa	lawa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawami	lawa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawą	lawa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawę	lawa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawie	lawa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawie	lawa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
law	lawa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawo	lawa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawom	lawa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawy	lawa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawy	lawa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawy	lawa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawy	lawa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laweciarzach	laweciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzach	laweciarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarza	laweciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarza	laweciarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarza	laweciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarza	laweciarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzami	laweciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzami	laweciarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarze	laweciarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzem	laweciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzem	laweciarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarz	laweciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarz	laweciarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzom	laweciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzom	laweciarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzowi	laweciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzowi	laweciarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzów	laweciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzów	laweciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzu	laweciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzu	laweciarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzu	laweciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzu	laweciarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|pot.
laweciarzy	laweciarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
laweciarzy	laweciarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawendach	lawenda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawenda	lawenda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendami	lawenda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendą	lawenda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendę	lawenda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawend	lawenda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendo	lawenda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendom	lawenda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendy	lawenda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendy	lawenda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendy	lawenda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendy	lawenda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendzie	lawenda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendzie	lawenda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lawendowo	lawendowo	adv:pos		
lawendowościach	lawendowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowościami	lawendowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowością	lawendowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowości	lawendowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowościom	lawendowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowość	lawendowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowość	lawendowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawendowa	lawendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lawendową	lawendowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lawendową	lawendowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lawendowego	lawendowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lawendowego	lawendowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawendowej	lawendowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lawendowej	lawendowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lawendowej	lawendowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lawendowe	lawendowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawendowe	lawendowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawendowe	lawendowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lawendowe	lawendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lawendowemu	lawendowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawendowi	lawendowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lawendowo	lawendowy	adja		
lawendowych	lawendowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lawendowych	lawendowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawendowych	lawendowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawendowy	lawendowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lawendowy	lawendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lawendowymi	lawendowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawendowym	lawendowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawendowym	lawendowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawendowym	lawendowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawerakach	lawerak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraka	lawerak	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraka	lawerak	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lawerakami	lawerak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lawerakiem	lawerak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraki	lawerak	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraki	lawerak	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraki	lawerak	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lawerak	lawerak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lawerakom	lawerak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lawerakowi	lawerak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraków	lawerak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraku	lawerak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
laweraku	lawerak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lawecie	lawet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawecie	lawet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawetach	lawet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawetami	lawet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawetem	lawet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawet	lawet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawet	lawet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawetom	lawet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawetowi	lawet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawetów	lawet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawetu	lawet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawety	lawet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawety	lawet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawety	lawet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lawecie	laweta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawecie	laweta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetach	laweta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
laweta	laweta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetami	laweta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetą	laweta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetę	laweta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawet	laweta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
laweto	laweta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetom	laweta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawety	laweta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawety	laweta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawety	laweta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawety	laweta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzach	lawetarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzach	lawetarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarza	lawetarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarza	lawetarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzami	lawetarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzami	lawetarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarze	lawetarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarze	lawetarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarze	lawetarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarze	lawetarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarze	lawetarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarze	lawetarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzem	lawetarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzem	lawetarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarz	lawetarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarz	lawetarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarz	lawetarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarz	lawetarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzom	lawetarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzom	lawetarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzowi	lawetarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzowi	lawetarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzów	lawetarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzu	lawetarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzu	lawetarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzu	lawetarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetarzu	lawetarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lawetarzy	lawetarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawetce	lawetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetce	lawetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetek	lawetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetkach	lawetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetka	lawetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetkami	lawetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetką	lawetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetkę	lawetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetki	lawetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetki	lawetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetki	lawetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetki	lawetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetko	lawetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetkom	lawetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawetować	lawetować	inf:imperf		
lawetowaliby	lawetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lawetowalibyście	lawetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lawetowalibyśmy	lawetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lawetowali	lawetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lawetowali	lawetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lawetowaliście	lawetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lawetowaliśmy	lawetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lawetowałaby	lawetować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lawetowałabym	lawetować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lawetowałabyś	lawetować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lawetowała	lawetować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lawetowała	lawetować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lawetowałam	lawetować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lawetowałaś	lawetować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lawetowałby	lawetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lawetowałbym	lawetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lawetowałbyś	lawetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lawetowałem	lawetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lawetowałeś	lawetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lawetował	lawetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lawetował	lawetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lawetowałoby	lawetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lawetowałobym	lawetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lawetowałobyś	lawetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lawetowało	lawetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lawetowało	lawetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lawetowałom	lawetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lawetowałoś	lawetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lawetowałyby	lawetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lawetowałybyście	lawetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lawetowałybyśmy	lawetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lawetowały	lawetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lawetowały	lawetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lawetowałyście	lawetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lawetowałyśmy	lawetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lawetowana	lawetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lawetowaną	lawetować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lawetowanego	lawetować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lawetowanego	lawetować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowanej	lawetować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lawetowane	lawetować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetowane	lawetować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowanemu	lawetować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowaniach	lawetować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowania	lawetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowania	lawetować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowaniami	lawetować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowanie	lawetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowaniem	lawetować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowani	lawetować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawetowaniom	lawetować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowaniu	lawetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowano	lawetować	imps:imperf		
lawetowanych	lawetować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawetowanych	lawetować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetowany	lawetować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lawetowany	lawetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lawetowanymi	lawetować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetowanym	lawetować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetowanym	lawetować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetowań	lawetować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lawetująca	lawetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lawetującą	lawetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lawetującego	lawetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lawetującego	lawetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetującej	lawetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lawetujące	lawetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetujące	lawetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetującemu	lawetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetując	lawetować	pcon:imperf		
lawetująco	lawetować	pacta		
lawetujących	lawetować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawetujących	lawetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetujący	lawetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawetujący	lawetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lawetujący	lawetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lawetującymi	lawetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetującym	lawetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawetującym	lawetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawetują	lawetować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lawetujcie	lawetować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lawetujecie	lawetować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lawetuje	lawetować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lawetujemy	lawetować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lawetujesz	lawetować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lawetuję	lawetować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lawetuj	lawetować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lawetujmy	lawetować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lawinach	lawina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawina	lawina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinami	lawina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiną	lawina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinę	lawina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinie	lawina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinie	lawina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawin	lawina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawino	lawina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinom	lawina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiny	lawina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiny	lawina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiny	lawina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiny	lawina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniasto	lawiniasto	adv:pos		
lawiniastościach	lawiniastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastościami	lawiniastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastością	lawiniastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastości	lawiniastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastościom	lawiniastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastość	lawiniastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniastość	lawiniastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniasta	lawiniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lawiniastą	lawiniasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lawiniastą	lawiniasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lawiniastego	lawiniasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lawiniastego	lawiniasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawiniastej	lawiniasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lawiniastej	lawiniasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lawiniastej	lawiniasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lawiniaste	lawiniasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawiniaste	lawiniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawiniaste	lawiniasty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lawiniaste	lawiniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lawiniastemu	lawiniasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawiniasto	lawiniasty	adja		
lawiniastych	lawiniasty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lawiniastych	lawiniasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawiniastych	lawiniasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawiniasty	lawiniasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lawiniasty	lawiniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lawiniastymi	lawiniasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawiniastym	lawiniasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawiniastym	lawiniasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawiniastym	lawiniasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawiniaści	lawiniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lawiniskach	lawinisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniska	lawinisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniska	lawinisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniska	lawinisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniska	lawinisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniskami	lawinisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniskiem	lawinisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawinisk	lawinisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawinisko	lawinisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawinisko	lawinisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawinisko	lawinisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawiniskom	lawinisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawinisku	lawinisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawinisku	lawinisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lawince	lawinka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawince	lawinka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinek	lawinka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinkach	lawinka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinka	lawinka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinkami	lawinka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinką	lawinka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinkę	lawinka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinki	lawinka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinki	lawinka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinki	lawinka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinki	lawinka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinko	lawinka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinkom	lawinka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowo	lawinowo	adv:pos		
lawinowościach	lawinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowościami	lawinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowością	lawinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowości	lawinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowościom	lawinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowość	lawinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowość	lawinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawinowa	lawinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lawinową	lawinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lawinową	lawinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lawinowego	lawinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lawinowego	lawinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawinowej	lawinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lawinowej	lawinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lawinowej	lawinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lawinowe	lawinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawinowe	lawinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawinowe	lawinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lawinowe	lawinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lawinowemu	lawinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawinowi	lawinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lawinowo	lawinowy	adja		
lawinowych	lawinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lawinowych	lawinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawinowych	lawinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawinowy	lawinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lawinowy	lawinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lawinowymi	lawinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawinowym	lawinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawinowym	lawinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawinowym	lawinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawirach	lawir	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirami	lawir	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirem	lawir	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawir	lawir	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawir	lawir	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirom	lawir	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirowi	lawir	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirów	lawir	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawiru	lawir	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawiry	lawir	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawiry	lawir	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawiry	lawir	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirze	lawir	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirze	lawir	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawirancie	lawirant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirancie	lawirant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawiranci	lawirant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawiranci	lawirant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantach	lawirant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawiranta	lawirant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawiranta	lawirant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantami	lawirant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantem	lawirant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirant	lawirant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantom	lawirant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantowi	lawirant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantów	lawirant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantów	lawirant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawiranty	lawirant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawiranty	lawirant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lawirantce	lawirantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantce	lawirantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantek	lawirantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantkach	lawirantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantka	lawirantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantkami	lawirantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantką	lawirantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantkę	lawirantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantki	lawirantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantki	lawirantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantki	lawirantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantki	lawirantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantko	lawirantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirantkom	lawirantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawirować	lawirować	inf:imperf		
lawirowaliby	lawirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lawirowalibyście	lawirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lawirowalibyśmy	lawirować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lawirowali	lawirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lawirowali	lawirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lawirowaliście	lawirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lawirowaliśmy	lawirować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lawirowałaby	lawirować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lawirowałabym	lawirować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lawirowałabyś	lawirować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lawirowała	lawirować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lawirowała	lawirować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lawirowałam	lawirować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lawirowałaś	lawirować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lawirowałby	lawirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lawirowałbym	lawirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lawirowałbyś	lawirować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lawirowałem	lawirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lawirowałeś	lawirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lawirował	lawirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lawirował	lawirować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lawirowałoby	lawirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lawirowałobym	lawirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lawirowałobyś	lawirować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lawirowało	lawirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lawirowało	lawirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lawirowałom	lawirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lawirowałoś	lawirować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lawirowałyby	lawirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lawirowałybyście	lawirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lawirowałybyśmy	lawirować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lawirowały	lawirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lawirowały	lawirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lawirowałyście	lawirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lawirowałyśmy	lawirować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lawirowaniach	lawirować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowania	lawirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowania	lawirować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowaniami	lawirować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowanie	lawirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowaniem	lawirować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowaniom	lawirować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowaniu	lawirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirowano	lawirować	imps:imperf		
lawirowań	lawirować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lawirująca	lawirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lawirującą	lawirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lawirującego	lawirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lawirującego	lawirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawirującej	lawirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lawirujące	lawirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawirujące	lawirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawirującemu	lawirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawirując	lawirować	pcon:imperf		
lawirująco	lawirować	pacta		
lawirujących	lawirować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawirujących	lawirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawirujący	lawirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawirujący	lawirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lawirujący	lawirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lawirującymi	lawirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawirującym	lawirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawirującym	lawirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawirują	lawirować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lawirujcie	lawirować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lawirujecie	lawirować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lawiruje	lawirować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lawirujemy	lawirować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lawirujesz	lawirować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lawiruję	lawirować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lawiruj	lawirować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lawirujmy	lawirować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lawizach	lawiza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiza	lawiza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizami	lawiza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizą	lawiza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizę	lawiza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizie	lawiza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizie	lawiza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawiz	lawiza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizo	lawiza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizom	lawiza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizy	lawiza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizy	lawiza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizy	lawiza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawizy	lawiza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawować	lawować	inf:imperf		szt.
lawowaliby	lawować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowalibyście	lawować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowalibyśmy	lawować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowali	lawować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		szt.
lawowali	lawować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowaliście	lawować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowaliśmy	lawować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowałaby	lawować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałabym	lawować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowałabyś	lawować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowała	lawować	praet:sg:f:imperf		szt.
lawowała	lawować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałam	lawować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowałaś	lawować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowałby	lawować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałbym	lawować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowałbyś	lawować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowałem	lawować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowałeś	lawować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		szt.
lawował	lawować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		szt.
lawował	lawować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałoby	lawować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałobym	lawować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowałobyś	lawować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowało	lawować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		szt.
lawowało	lawować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałom	lawować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowałoś	lawować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowałyby	lawować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałybyście	lawować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowałybyśmy	lawować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowały	lawować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		szt.
lawowały	lawować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		szt.
lawowałyście	lawować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		szt.
lawowałyśmy	lawować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowana	lawować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lawowaną	lawować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lawowanego	lawować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lawowanego	lawować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawowanej	lawować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lawowane	lawować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawowane	lawować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawowanemu	lawować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawowaniach	lawować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowania	lawować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowania	lawować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowaniami	lawować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowanie	lawować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowaniem	lawować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowani	lawować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawowaniom	lawować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowaniu	lawować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lawowano	lawować	imps:imperf		szt.
lawowanych	lawować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawowanych	lawować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawowany	lawować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lawowany	lawować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lawowanymi	lawować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawowanym	lawować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawowanym	lawować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawowań	lawować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lawująca	lawować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lawującą	lawować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lawującego	lawować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lawującego	lawować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawującej	lawować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lawujące	lawować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawujące	lawować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawującemu	lawować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawując	lawować	pcon:imperf		szt.
lawująco	lawować	pacta		
lawujących	lawować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawujących	lawować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawujący	lawować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lawujący	lawować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lawujący	lawować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lawującymi	lawować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawującym	lawować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lawującym	lawować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lawują	lawować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		szt.
lawujcie	lawować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		szt.
lawujecie	lawować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		szt.
lawuje	lawować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		szt.
lawujemy	lawować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		szt.
lawujesz	lawować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		szt.
lawuję	lawować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		szt.
lawuj	lawować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		szt.
lawujmy	lawować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		szt.
lawowościach	lawowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowościami	lawowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowością	lawowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowości	lawowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowościom	lawowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowość	lawowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowość	lawowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawowa	lawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lawową	lawowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lawową	lawowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lawowego	lawowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lawowego	lawowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawowej	lawowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lawowej	lawowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lawowej	lawowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lawowe	lawowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawowe	lawowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lawowe	lawowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lawowe	lawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lawowemu	lawowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawowi	lawowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lawowo	lawowy	adja		
lawowych	lawowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lawowych	lawowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawowych	lawowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawowy	lawowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lawowy	lawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lawowymi	lawowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawowym	lawowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lawowym	lawowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawowym	lawowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lawrensach	lawrens	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensami	lawrens	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensem	lawrens	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensie	lawrens	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensie	lawrens	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrens	lawrens	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrens	lawrens	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensom	lawrens	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensowi	lawrens	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensów	lawrens	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensu	lawrens	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensy	lawrens	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensy	lawrens	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawrensy	lawrens	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lawsoniach	lawsonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonia	lawsonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsoniami	lawsonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonią	lawsonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonie	lawsonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonie	lawsonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonie	lawsonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonię	lawsonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonii	lawsonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lawsonii	lawsonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonii	lawsonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonii	lawsonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsonij	lawsonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lawsonio	lawsonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lawsoniom	lawsonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaniach	lazania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazania	lazania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaniami	lazania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanią	lazania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanie	lazania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanie	lazania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanie	lazania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanię	lazania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanii	lazania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lazanii	lazania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanii	lazania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanii	lazania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazanij	lazania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lazanio	lazania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaniom	lazania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarecie	lazaret	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazarecie	lazaret	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretach	lazaret	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretami	lazaret	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretem	lazaret	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaret	lazaret	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaret	lazaret	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretom	lazaret	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretowi	lazaret	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretów	lazaret	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretu	lazaret	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazarety	lazaret	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazarety	lazaret	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazarety	lazaret	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lazaretowościach	lazaretowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowościami	lazaretowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowością	lazaretowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowości	lazaretowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowościom	lazaretowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowość	lazaretowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowość	lazaretowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaretowa	lazaretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lazaretową	lazaretowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lazaretową	lazaretowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lazaretowego	lazaretowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lazaretowego	lazaretowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazaretowej	lazaretowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lazaretowej	lazaretowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lazaretowej	lazaretowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lazaretowe	lazaretowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazaretowe	lazaretowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazaretowe	lazaretowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lazaretowe	lazaretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lazaretowemu	lazaretowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazaretowi	lazaretowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lazaretowo	lazaretowy	adja		
lazaretowych	lazaretowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lazaretowych	lazaretowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazaretowych	lazaretowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazaretowy	lazaretowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lazaretowy	lazaretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lazaretowymi	lazaretowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazaretowym	lazaretowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazaretowym	lazaretowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazaretowym	lazaretowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazaronach	lazaron	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarona	lazaron	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarona	lazaron	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronami	lazaron	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronem	lazaron	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronie	lazaron	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronie	lazaron	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroni	lazaron	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroni	lazaron	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaron	lazaron	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronom	lazaron	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronowi	lazaron	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronów	lazaron	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaronów	lazaron	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarony	lazaron	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazarony	lazaron	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońscy	lazaroński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lazarońska	lazaroński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lazarońską	lazaroński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lazarońską	lazaroński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lazarońskich	lazaroński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lazarońskich	lazaroński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazarońskich	lazaroński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazarońskiego	lazaroński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lazarońskiego	lazaroński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazarońskiej	lazaroński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lazarońskiej	lazaroński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lazarońskiej	lazaroński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lazarońskie	lazaroński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazarońskie	lazaroński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazarońskie	lazaroński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lazarońskie	lazaroński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lazarońskiemu	lazaroński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazaroński	lazaroński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lazaroński	lazaroński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lazarońskimi	lazaroński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazarońskim	lazaroński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazarońskim	lazaroński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazarońskim	lazaroński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazarońsko	lazaroński	adja		
lazarońsku	lazaroński	adjp		
lazarońsko	lazarońsko	adv:pos		
lazarońskościach	lazarońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskościami	lazarońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskością	lazarońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskości	lazarońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskościom	lazarońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskość	lazarońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazarońskość	lazarońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwach	lazaroństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwa	lazaroństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwa	lazaroństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwa	lazaroństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwa	lazaroństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwami	lazaroństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwem	lazaroństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwie	lazaroństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństw	lazaroństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwo	lazaroństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwo	lazaroństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwo	lazaroństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwom	lazaroństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazaroństwu	lazaroństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lazarystach	lazarysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarysta	lazarysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarystami	lazarysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarystą	lazarysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarystę	lazarysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarysto	lazarysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarystom	lazarysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarystów	lazarysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarystów	lazarysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazarysty	lazarysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazarysty	lazarysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazarysty	lazarysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaryście	lazarysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaryście	lazarysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaryści	lazarysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazaryści	lazarysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunek	lazerunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunek	lazerunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkach	lazerunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkami	lazerunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkiem	lazerunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunki	lazerunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunki	lazerunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunki	lazerunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkom	lazerunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowi	lazerunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunków	lazerunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunku	lazerunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunku	lazerunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunku	lazerunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowościach	lazerunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowościami	lazerunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowością	lazerunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowości	lazerunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowościom	lazerunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowość	lazerunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowość	lazerunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazerunkowa	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lazerunkową	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lazerunkową	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lazerunkowego	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lazerunkowego	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazerunkowej	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lazerunkowej	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lazerunkowej	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lazerunkowe	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazerunkowe	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazerunkowe	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lazerunkowe	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lazerunkowemu	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazerunkowi	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lazerunkowo	lazerunkowy	adja		
lazerunkowych	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lazerunkowych	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazerunkowych	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazerunkowy	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lazerunkowy	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lazerunkowymi	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazerunkowym	lazerunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazerunkowym	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazerunkowym	lazerunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazuli	lazuli	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuli	lazuli	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulicie	lazulit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulicie	lazulit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulitach	lazulit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulitami	lazulit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulitem	lazulit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulit	lazulit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulit	lazulit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulitom	lazulit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulitowi	lazulit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulitów	lazulit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulitu	lazulit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulity	lazulit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulity	lazulit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazulity	lazulit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurach	lazur	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurami	lazur	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurem	lazur	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazur	lazur	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazur	lazur	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurom	lazur	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurowi	lazur	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurów	lazur	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazuru	lazur	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazury	lazur	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazury	lazur	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazury	lazur	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurze	lazur	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurze	lazur	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	lit.
lazurek	lazurek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurkach	lazurek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurka	lazurek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurka	lazurek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurkami	lazurek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurkiem	lazurek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurki	lazurek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurki	lazurek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurki	lazurek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurkom	lazurek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurkowi	lazurek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurków	lazurek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurku	lazurek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurku	lazurek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lazurować	lazurować	inf:imperf		bud.
lazurowaliby	lazurować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowalibyście	lazurować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowalibyśmy	lazurować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowali	lazurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		bud.
lazurowali	lazurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowaliście	lazurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowaliśmy	lazurować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowałaby	lazurować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałabym	lazurować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowałabyś	lazurować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowała	lazurować	praet:sg:f:imperf		bud.
lazurowała	lazurować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałam	lazurować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowałaś	lazurować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowałby	lazurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałbym	lazurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowałbyś	lazurować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowałem	lazurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowałeś	lazurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurował	lazurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		bud.
lazurował	lazurować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałoby	lazurować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałobym	lazurować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowałobyś	lazurować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowało	lazurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		bud.
lazurowało	lazurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałom	lazurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowałoś	lazurować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowałyby	lazurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałybyście	lazurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowałybyśmy	lazurować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowały	lazurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		bud.
lazurowały	lazurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurowałyście	lazurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurowałyśmy	lazurować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowana	lazurować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lazurowaną	lazurować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lazurowanego	lazurować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lazurowanego	lazurować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowanej	lazurować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lazurowane	lazurować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurowane	lazurować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowanemu	lazurować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowaniach	lazurować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowania	lazurować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowania	lazurować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowaniami	lazurować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowanie	lazurować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowaniem	lazurować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowani	lazurować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lazurowaniom	lazurować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowaniu	lazurować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowano	lazurować	imps:imperf		bud.
lazurowanych	lazurować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lazurowanych	lazurować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurowany	lazurować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lazurowany	lazurować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lazurowanymi	lazurować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurowanym	lazurować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurowanym	lazurować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurowań	lazurować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lazurująca	lazurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lazurującą	lazurować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lazurującego	lazurować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lazurującego	lazurować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurującej	lazurować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lazurujące	lazurować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurujące	lazurować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurującemu	lazurować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurując	lazurować	pcon:imperf		bud.
lazurująco	lazurować	pacta		
lazurujących	lazurować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lazurujących	lazurować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurujący	lazurować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lazurujący	lazurować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lazurujący	lazurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lazurującymi	lazurować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurującym	lazurować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lazurującym	lazurować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lazurują	lazurować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurujcie	lazurować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurujecie	lazurować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		bud.
lazuruje	lazurować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		bud.
lazurujemy	lazurować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurujesz	lazurować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		bud.
lazuruję	lazurować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		bud.
lazuruj	lazurować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		bud.
lazurujmy	lazurować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		bud.
lazurowościach	lazurowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowościami	lazurowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowością	lazurowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowości	lazurowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowościom	lazurowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowość	lazurowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowość	lazurowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lazurowa	lazurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lazurową	lazurowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lazurową	lazurowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lazurowego	lazurowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lazurowego	lazurowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazurowej	lazurowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lazurowej	lazurowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lazurowej	lazurowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lazurowe	lazurowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazurowe	lazurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lazurowe	lazurowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lazurowe	lazurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lazurowemu	lazurowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazurowi	lazurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lazurowo	lazurowy	adja		
lazurowych	lazurowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lazurowych	lazurowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazurowych	lazurowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazurowy	lazurowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lazurowy	lazurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lazurowymi	lazurowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazurowym	lazurowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lazurowym	lazurowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazurowym	lazurowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lazurycie	lazuryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurycie	lazuryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurytach	lazuryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurytami	lazuryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurytem	lazuryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuryt	lazuryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuryt	lazuryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurytom	lazuryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurytowi	lazuryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurytów	lazuryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazurytu	lazuryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuryty	lazuryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuryty	lazuryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazuryty	lazuryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgąca	ląc	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącą	ląc	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącego	ląc	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącego	ląc	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącej	ląc	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgące	ląc	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgące	ląc	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącemu	ląc	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgąco	ląc	pacta		rzad.
lęgących	ląc	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgących	ląc	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgący	ląc	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgący	ląc	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgący	ląc	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącymi	ląc	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącym	ląc	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgącym	ląc	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęgnąca	ląc	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lęgnącą	ląc	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lęgnącego	ląc	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lęgnącego	ląc	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnącej	ląc	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lęgnące	ląc	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnące	ląc	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnącemu	ląc	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnąco	ląc	pacta		
lęgnących	ląc	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęgnących	ląc	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnący	ląc	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęgnący	ląc	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lęgnący	ląc	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lęgnącymi	ląc	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnącym	ląc	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnącym	ląc	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciach	ląc	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięcia	ląc	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięcia	ląc	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciami	ląc	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięcie	ląc	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciem	ląc	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciom	ląc	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciu	ląc	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięć	ląc	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lężeniach	ląc	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężenia	ląc	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężenia	ląc	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężeniami	ląc	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężenie	ląc	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężeniem	ląc	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężeniom	ląc	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężeniu	ląc	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lężeń	ląc	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		rzad.
lęknąca	ląc	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lęknącą	ląc	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lęknącego	ląc	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lęknącego	ląc	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknącej	ląc	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lęknące	ląc	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknące	ląc	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknącemu	ląc	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknąco	ląc	pacta		
lęknących	ląc	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęknących	ląc	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknący	ląc	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęknący	ląc	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lęknący	ląc	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lęknącymi	ląc	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknącym	ląc	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknącym	ląc	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciach	ląc	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięcia	ląc	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięcia	ląc	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciami	ląc	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięcie	ląc	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciem	ląc	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciom	ląc	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciu	ląc	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięć	ląc	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lądach	ląd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądami	ląd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądem	ląd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ląd	ląd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ląd	ląd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądom	ląd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowi	ląd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądów	ląd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądu	ląd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądy	ląd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądy	ląd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądy	ląd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądzie	ląd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądzie	ląd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądeccy	lądecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lądecka	lądecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lądecką	lądecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lądecką	lądecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lądeckich	lądecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lądeckich	lądecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądeckich	lądecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądeckiego	lądecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lądeckiego	lądecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądeckiej	lądecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lądeckiej	lądecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lądeckiej	lądecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lądeckie	lądecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądeckie	lądecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądeckie	lądecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lądeckie	lądecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lądeckiemu	lądecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądecki	lądecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lądecki	lądecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lądeckimi	lądecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądeckim	lądecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądeckim	lądecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądeckim	lądecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądecko	lądecki	adja		
lądecku	lądecki	adjp		
lądecko	lądecko	adv:pos		
lądeckościach	lądeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckościami	lądeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckością	lądeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckości	lądeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckościom	lądeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckość	lądeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądeckość	lądeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodach	lądolód	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodami	lądolód	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodem	lądolód	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodom	lądolód	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodowi	lądolód	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodów	lądolód	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodu	lądolód	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolody	lądolód	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolody	lądolód	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolody	lądolód	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodzie	lądolód	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolodzie	lądolód	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolód	lądolód	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądolód	lądolód	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczościach	lądotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczościami	lądotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczością	lądotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczości	lądotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczościom	lądotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczość	lądotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórczość	lądotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądotwórcza	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lądotwórczą	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lądotwórczą	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lądotwórczego	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lądotwórczego	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądotwórczej	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lądotwórczej	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lądotwórczej	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lądotwórcze	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądotwórcze	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądotwórcze	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lądotwórcze	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lądotwórczemu	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądotwórczo	lądotwórczy	adja		
lądotwórczych	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lądotwórczych	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądotwórczych	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądotwórczy	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lądotwórczy	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lądotwórczy	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lądotwórczymi	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądotwórczym	lądotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądotwórczym	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądotwórczym	lądotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądować	lądować	inf:imperf		
lądowaliby	lądować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lądowalibyście	lądować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lądowalibyśmy	lądować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lądowali	lądować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lądowali	lądować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lądowaliście	lądować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lądowaliśmy	lądować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lądowałaby	lądować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lądowałabym	lądować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lądowałabyś	lądować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lądowała	lądować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lądowała	lądować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lądowałam	lądować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lądowałaś	lądować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lądowałby	lądować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lądowałbym	lądować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lądowałbyś	lądować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lądowałem	lądować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lądowałeś	lądować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lądował	lądować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lądował	lądować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lądowałoby	lądować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lądowałobym	lądować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lądowałobyś	lądować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lądowało	lądować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lądowało	lądować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lądowałom	lądować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lądowałoś	lądować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lądowałyby	lądować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lądowałybyście	lądować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lądowałybyśmy	lądować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lądowały	lądować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lądowały	lądować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lądowałyście	lądować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lądowałyśmy	lądować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lądowaniach	lądować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowania	lądować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowania	lądować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowaniami	lądować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowanie	lądować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowaniem	lądować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowaniom	lądować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowaniu	lądować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lądowano	lądować	imps:imperf		
lądowań	lądować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lądująca	lądować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lądującą	lądować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lądującego	lądować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lądującego	lądować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lądującej	lądować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lądujące	lądować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lądujące	lądować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lądującemu	lądować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lądując	lądować	pcon:imperf		
lądująco	lądować	pacta		
lądujących	lądować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lądujących	lądować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lądujący	lądować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lądujący	lądować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lądujący	lądować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lądującymi	lądować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lądującym	lądować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lądującym	lądować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lądują	lądować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lądujcie	lądować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lądujecie	lądować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
ląduje	lądować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lądujemy	lądować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lądujesz	lądować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ląduję	lądować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
ląduj	lądować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lądujmy	lądować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lądowaniach	lądowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowania	lądowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowania	lądowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowania	lądowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowania	lądowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowaniami	lądowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowanie	lądowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowanie	lądowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowanie	lądowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowaniem	lądowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowaniom	lądowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowaniu	lądowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowaniu	lądowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowań	lądowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcach	lądowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowca	lądowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowca	lądowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcami	lądowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowce	lądowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowce	lądowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcem	lądowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcom	lądowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcowi	lądowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowców	lądowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowców	lądowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcu	lądowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcu	lądowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcy	lądowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcy	lądowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowcze	lądowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiec	lądowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiskach	lądowisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiska	lądowisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiska	lądowisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiska	lądowisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiska	lądowisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiskami	lądowisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiskiem	lądowisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowisk	lądowisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowisko	lądowisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowisko	lądowisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowisko	lądowisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowiskom	lądowisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowisku	lądowisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowisku	lądowisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczościach	lądowniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczościami	lądowniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczością	lądowniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczości	lądowniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczościom	lądowniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczość	lądowniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniczość	lądowniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądownicza	lądowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lądowniczą	lądowniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lądowniczą	lądowniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lądowniczego	lądowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lądowniczego	lądowniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądowniczej	lądowniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lądowniczej	lądowniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lądowniczej	lądowniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lądownicze	lądowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądownicze	lądowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądownicze	lądowniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lądownicze	lądowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lądowniczemu	lądowniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądowniczo	lądowniczy	adja		
lądowniczych	lądowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lądowniczych	lądowniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowniczych	lądowniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowniczy	lądowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lądowniczy	lądowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lądowniczy	lądowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lądowniczymi	lądowniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowniczym	lądowniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowniczym	lądowniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądowniczym	lądowniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądownikach	lądownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądownika	lądownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądownikami	lądownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądownikiem	lądownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniki	lądownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniki	lądownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniki	lądownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądownik	lądownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądownik	lądownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądownikom	lądownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądownikowi	lądownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowników	lądownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniku	lądownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowniku	lądownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lądowościach	lądowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowościami	lądowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowością	lądowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowości	lądowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowościom	lądowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowość	lądowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowość	lądowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lądowa	lądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lądową	lądowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lądową	lądowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lądowego	lądowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lądowego	lądowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądowej	lądowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lądowej	lądowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lądowej	lądowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lądowe	lądowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądowe	lądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lądowe	lądowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lądowe	lądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lądowemu	lądowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądowi	lądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lądowo	lądowy	adja		
lądowych	lądowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lądowych	lądowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowych	lądowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowy	lądowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lądowy	lądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lądowymi	lądowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowym	lądowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lądowym	lądowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądowym	lądowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lądunek	lądunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunek	lądunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunkach	lądunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunkami	lądunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunkiem	lądunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunki	lądunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunki	lądunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunki	lądunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunkom	lądunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunkowi	lądunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunków	lądunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunku	lądunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunku	lądunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądunku	lądunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lądzieniec	lądzieniec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńcach	lądzieniec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńca	lądzieniec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńca	lądzieniec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńcami	lądzieniec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńce	lądzieniec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńce	lądzieniec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńce	lądzieniec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńcem	lądzieniec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńcom	lądzieniec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńcowi	lądzieniec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńców	lądzieniec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńcu	lądzieniec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieńcu	lądzieniec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieniach	lądzień	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzienia	lądzień	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzienia	lądzień	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieniami	lądzień	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzienie	lądzień	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzienie	lądzień	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzienie	lądzień	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieniem	lądzień	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieni	lądzień	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieniom	lądzień	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieniowi	lądzień	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieniu	lądzień	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzieniu	lądzień	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lądzień	lądzień	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ląg	ląg	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ląg	ląg	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgach	ląg	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgami	ląg	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgiem	ląg	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgi	ląg	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgi	ląg	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgi	ląg	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgom	ląg	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowi	ląg	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgów	ląg	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgu	ląg	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgu	ląg	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgu	ląg	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadach	lead	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadami	lead	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadem	lead	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lead	lead	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lead	lead	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadom	lead	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadowi	lead	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadów	lead	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadu	lead	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leady	lead	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leady	lead	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leady	lead	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadzie	lead	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leadzie	lead	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leaderach	leader	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leadera	leader	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leadera	leader	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderami	leader	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderem	leader	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leader	leader	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderom	leader	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderowi	leader	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderów	leader	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderów	leader	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leadery	leader	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leadery	leader	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leaderze	leader	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderze	leader	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderzy	leader	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leaderzy	leader	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingach	leasing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingami	leasing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingiem	leasing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingi	leasing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingi	leasing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingi	leasing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasing	leasing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasing	leasing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingom	leasing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingowi	leasing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingów	leasing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingu	leasing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingu	leasing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingu	leasing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	ekon.
leasingobiorcach	leasingobiorca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorca	leasingobiorca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcami	leasingobiorca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcą	leasingobiorca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorce	leasingobiorca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorce	leasingobiorca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcę	leasingobiorca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorco	leasingobiorca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcom	leasingobiorca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorców	leasingobiorca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorców	leasingobiorca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcy	leasingobiorca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcy	leasingobiorca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcy	leasingobiorca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcy	leasingobiorca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingobiorcy	leasingobiorca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcach	leasingodawca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawca	leasingodawca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcami	leasingodawca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcą	leasingodawca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawce	leasingodawca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawce	leasingodawca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcę	leasingodawca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawco	leasingodawca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcom	leasingodawca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawców	leasingodawca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawców	leasingodawca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcy	leasingodawca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcy	leasingodawca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcy	leasingodawca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcy	leasingodawca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingodawcy	leasingodawca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leasingować	leasingować	inf:imperf		
leasingowaliby	leasingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leasingowalibyście	leasingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leasingowalibyśmy	leasingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leasingowali	leasingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leasingowali	leasingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leasingowaliście	leasingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leasingowaliśmy	leasingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leasingowałaby	leasingować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leasingowałabym	leasingować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leasingowałabyś	leasingować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leasingowała	leasingować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leasingowała	leasingować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leasingowałam	leasingować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leasingowałaś	leasingować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leasingowałby	leasingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leasingowałbym	leasingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leasingowałbyś	leasingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leasingowałem	leasingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leasingowałeś	leasingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leasingował	leasingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leasingował	leasingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leasingowałoby	leasingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leasingowałobym	leasingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leasingowałobyś	leasingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leasingowało	leasingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leasingowało	leasingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leasingowałom	leasingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leasingowałoś	leasingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leasingowałyby	leasingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leasingowałybyście	leasingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leasingowałybyśmy	leasingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leasingowały	leasingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leasingowały	leasingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leasingowałyście	leasingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leasingowałyśmy	leasingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leasingowana	leasingować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leasingowaną	leasingować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leasingowanego	leasingować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leasingowanego	leasingować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowanej	leasingować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leasingowane	leasingować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingowane	leasingować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowanemu	leasingować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowaniach	leasingować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowania	leasingować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowania	leasingować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowaniami	leasingować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowanie	leasingować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowaniem	leasingować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowani	leasingować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leasingowaniom	leasingować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowaniu	leasingować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowano	leasingować	imps:imperf		
leasingowanych	leasingować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leasingowanych	leasingować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingowany	leasingować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leasingowany	leasingować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leasingowanymi	leasingować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingowanym	leasingować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingowanym	leasingować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingowań	leasingować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leasingująca	leasingować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leasingującą	leasingować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leasingującego	leasingować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leasingującego	leasingować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingującej	leasingować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leasingujące	leasingować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingujące	leasingować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingującemu	leasingować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingując	leasingować	pcon:imperf		
leasingująco	leasingować	pacta		
leasingujących	leasingować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leasingujących	leasingować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingujący	leasingować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leasingujący	leasingować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leasingujący	leasingować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leasingującymi	leasingować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingującym	leasingować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leasingującym	leasingować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leasingują	leasingować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leasingujcie	leasingować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leasingujecie	leasingować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leasinguje	leasingować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leasingujemy	leasingować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leasingujesz	leasingować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leasinguję	leasingować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leasinguj	leasingować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leasingujmy	leasingować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leasingowo	leasingowo	adv:pos		
leasingowościach	leasingowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowościami	leasingowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowością	leasingowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowości	leasingowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowościom	leasingowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowość	leasingowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowość	leasingowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leasingowa	leasingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leasingową	leasingowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leasingową	leasingowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leasingowego	leasingowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leasingowego	leasingowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leasingowej	leasingowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leasingowej	leasingowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leasingowej	leasingowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leasingowe	leasingowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leasingowe	leasingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leasingowe	leasingowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leasingowe	leasingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leasingowemu	leasingowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leasingowi	leasingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leasingowo	leasingowy	adja		
leasingowych	leasingowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leasingowych	leasingowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leasingowych	leasingowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leasingowy	leasingowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leasingowy	leasingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leasingowymi	leasingowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leasingowym	leasingowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leasingowym	leasingowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leasingowym	leasingowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lebiedze	lebiega:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiedze	lebiega:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegach	lebiega:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiega	lebiega:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegami	lebiega:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegą	lebiega:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegę	lebiega:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegi	lebiega:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegi	lebiega:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegi	lebiega:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegi	lebiega:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebieg	lebiega:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiego	lebiega:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegom	lebiega:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiedze	lebiega:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiedze	lebiega:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiedzy	lebiega:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiedzy	lebiega:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegach	lebiega:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiega	lebiega:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegami	lebiega:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegą	lebiega:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegę	lebiega:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegi	lebiega:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegi	lebiega:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegi	lebiega:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiego	lebiega:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegom	lebiega:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegów	lebiega:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiegów	lebiega:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lebiodach	lebioda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebioda	lebioda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodami	lebioda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodą	lebioda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodę	lebioda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiod	lebioda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodo	lebioda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodom	lebioda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiody	lebioda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiody	lebioda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiody	lebioda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiody	lebioda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodzie	lebioda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodzie	lebioda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodce	lebiodka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodce	lebiodka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodek	lebiodka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodkach	lebiodka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodka	lebiodka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodkami	lebiodka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodką	lebiodka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodkę	lebiodka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodki	lebiodka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodki	lebiodka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodki	lebiodka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodki	lebiodka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodko	lebiodka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lebiodkom	lebiodka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lec	lec	inf:perf		
lec	lec	inf:perf		niezal.
legą	lec	fin:pl:ter:perf		niezal.
legę	lec	fin:sg:pri:perf		niezal.
legliby	lec	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
legliby	lec	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		niezal.
leglibyście	lec	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
leglibyście	lec	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		niezal.
leglibyśmy	lec	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
leglibyśmy	lec	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		niezal.
legli	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
legli	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		niezal.
legli	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
legli	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		niezal.
legliście	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
legliście	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		niezal.
legliśmy	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
legliśmy	lec	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		niezal.
ległaby	lec	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
ległaby	lec	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		niezal.
ległabym	lec	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
ległabym	lec	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		niezal.
ległabyś	lec	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
ległabyś	lec	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		niezal.
legła	lec	praet:sg:f:perf		
legła	lec	praet:sg:f:perf		niezal.
legła	lec	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
legła	lec	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		niezal.
ległam	lec	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
ległam	lec	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		niezal.
ległaś	lec	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
ległaś	lec	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		niezal.
ległby	lec	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
ległby	lec	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		niezal.
ległbym	lec	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
ległbym	lec	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		niezal.
ległbyś	lec	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
ległbyś	lec	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		niezal.
ległem	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
ległem	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		niezal.
ległeś	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
ległeś	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		niezal.
legł	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
legł	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		niezal.
legł	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
legł	lec	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		niezal.
ległoby	lec	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
ległoby	lec	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		niezal.
ległobym	lec	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
ległobym	lec	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		niezal.
ległobyś	lec	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
ległobyś	lec	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		niezal.
legło	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
legło	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		niezal.
legło	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
legło	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		niezal.
ległom	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
ległom	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		niezal.
ległoś	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
ległoś	lec	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		niezal.
ległszy	lec	pant:perf		
ległszy	lec	pant:perf		niezal.
ległyby	lec	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
ległyby	lec	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		niezal.
ległybyście	lec	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
ległybyście	lec	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		niezal.
ległybyśmy	lec	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
ległybyśmy	lec	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		niezal.
legły	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
legły	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		niezal.
legły	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
legły	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		niezal.
ległyście	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
ległyście	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		niezal.
ległyśmy	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
ległyśmy	lec	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		niezal.
legnąć	lec	inf:perf		
legną	lec	fin:pl:ter:perf		
legnę	lec	fin:sg:pri:perf		
legniecie	lec	fin:pl:sec:perf		
legnie	lec	fin:sg:ter:perf		
legniemy	lec	fin:pl:pri:perf		
legniesz	lec	fin:sg:sec:perf		
legnięciach	lec	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięcia	lec	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięcia	lec	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciami	lec	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
legnięcie	lec	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciem	lec	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciom	lec	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciu	lec	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięć	lec	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
legnięto	lec	imps:perf		
legnijcie	lec	impt:pl:sec:perf		
legnij	lec	impt:sg:sec:perf		
legnijmy	lec	impt:pl:pri:perf		
lężcie	lec	impt:pl:sec:perf		niezal.
lężecie	lec	fin:pl:sec:perf		niezal.
lęże	lec	fin:sg:ter:perf		niezal.
lężemy	lec	fin:pl:pri:perf		niezal.
lężeniach	lec	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężenia	lec	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężenia	lec	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężeniami	lec	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężenie	lec	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężeniem	lec	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężeniom	lec	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężeniu	lec	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężeń	lec	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		niezal.
lężesz	lec	fin:sg:sec:perf		niezal.
lęż	lec	impt:sg:sec:perf		niezal.
lężmy	lec	impt:pl:pri:perf		niezal.
lężono	lec	imps:perf		niezal.
lecach	leca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leca	leca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecami	leca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecą	leca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lece	leca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lece	leca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lece	leca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecę	leca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lec	leca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leco	leca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecom	leca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecy	leca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecy	leca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecy	leca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leceniach	lecenie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecenia	lecenie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecenia	lecenie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecenia	lecenie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecenia	lecenie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leceniami	lecenie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecenie	lecenie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecenie	lecenie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecenie	lecenie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leceniem	lecenie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leceniom	lecenie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leceniu	lecenie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leceniu	lecenie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leceń	lecenie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lechach	lecha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecha	lecha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechami	lecha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechą	lecha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechę	lecha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lech	lecha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecho	lecha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechom	lecha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechy	lecha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechy	lecha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechy	lecha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechy	lecha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesze	lecha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesze	lecha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lechiccy	lechicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lechicka	lechicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lechicką	lechicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lechicką	lechicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lechickich	lechicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lechickich	lechicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lechickich	lechicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lechickiego	lechicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lechickiego	lechicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lechickiej	lechicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lechickiej	lechicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lechickiej	lechicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lechickie	lechicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lechickie	lechicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lechickie	lechicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lechickie	lechicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lechickiemu	lechicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lechicki	lechicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lechicki	lechicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lechickimi	lechicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lechickim	lechicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lechickim	lechicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lechickim	lechicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lechicko	lechicki	adja		
lechicku	lechicki	adjp		
lechicko	lechicko	adv:pos		
lechickościach	lechickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickościami	lechickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickością	lechickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickości	lechickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickościom	lechickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickość	lechickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechickość	lechickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistach	lechista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechista	lechista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechistami	lechista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechistą	lechista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechistę	lechista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechisto	lechista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechistom	lechista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechistów	lechista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechistów	lechista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechisty	lechista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lechisty	lechista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lechisty	lechista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechiście	lechista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechiście	lechista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechiści	lechista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechiści	lechista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lechistce	lechistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistce	lechistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistek	lechistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistkach	lechistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistka	lechistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistkami	lechistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistką	lechistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistkę	lechistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistki	lechistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistki	lechistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistki	lechistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistki	lechistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistko	lechistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lechistkom	lechistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciach	+lecie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecia	+lecie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecia	+lecie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecia	+lecie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecia	+lecie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leciami	+lecie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecie	+lecie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecie	+lecie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecie	+lecie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leciem	+lecie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leci	+lecie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leciom	+lecie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leciu	+lecie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leciu	+lecie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leć	+lecie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecąca	lecieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lecącą	lecieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lecącego	lecieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lecącego	lecieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lecącej	lecieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lecące	lecieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lecące	lecieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lecącemu	lecieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lecąc	lecieć	pcon:imperf		
lecąco	lecieć	pacta		
lecących	lecieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lecących	lecieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lecący	lecieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lecący	lecieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lecący	lecieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lecącymi	lecieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lecącym	lecieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lecącym	lecieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lecą	lecieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leceniach	lecieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lecenia	lecieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lecenia	lecieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leceniami	lecieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lecenie	lecieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leceniem	lecieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leceniom	lecieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leceniu	lecieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leceń	lecieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lecę	lecieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leciałaby	lecieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leciałabym	lecieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leciałabyś	lecieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leciała	lecieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leciała	lecieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leciałam	lecieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leciałaś	lecieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leciałby	lecieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leciałbym	lecieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leciałbyś	lecieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leciałem	lecieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leciałeś	lecieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leciał	lecieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leciał	lecieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leciałoby	lecieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leciałobym	lecieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leciałobyś	lecieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leciało	lecieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leciało	lecieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leciałom	lecieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leciałoś	lecieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leciałyby	lecieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leciałybyście	lecieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leciałybyśmy	lecieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leciały	lecieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leciały	lecieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leciałyście	lecieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leciałyśmy	lecieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leciano	lecieć	imps:imperf		
lecicie	lecieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lecieć	lecieć	inf:imperf		
lecieliby	lecieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lecielibyście	lecieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lecielibyśmy	lecieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lecieli	lecieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lecieli	lecieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lecieliście	lecieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lecieliśmy	lecieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leci	lecieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lecimy	lecieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lecisz	lecieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lećcie	lecieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leć	lecieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lećmy	lecieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leciuchno	leciuchno	adv:pos		
leciuchnościach	leciuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchnościami	leciuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchnością	leciuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchności	leciuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchnościom	leciuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchność	leciuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchność	leciuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuchna	leciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciuchną	leciuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciuchną	leciuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciuchnego	leciuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciuchnego	leciuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuchnej	leciuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciuchnej	leciuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciuchnej	leciuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciuchne	leciuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuchne	leciuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuchne	leciuchny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuchne	leciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuchnemu	leciuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuchni	leciuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuchno	leciuchny	adja		
leciuchnych	leciuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuchnych	leciuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuchnych	leciuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuchny	leciuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciuchny	leciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciuchnymi	leciuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuchnym	leciuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuchnym	leciuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuchnym	leciuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusia	leciusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciusią	leciusi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciusią	leciusi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciusich	leciusi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciusich	leciusi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusich	leciusi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusiego	leciusi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciusiego	leciusi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusiej	leciusi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciusiej	leciusi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciusiej	leciusi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciusie	leciusi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciusie	leciusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciusie	leciusi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciusie	leciusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciusiemu	leciusi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusi	leciusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciusi	leciusi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciusi	leciusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciusimi	leciusi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusim	leciusi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusim	leciusi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusim	leciusi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusio	leciusi	adja		
leciusieńcy	leciusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciusieńka	leciusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciusieńką	leciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciusieńką	leciusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciusieńkich	leciusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciusieńkich	leciusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusieńkich	leciusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusieńkiego	leciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciusieńkiego	leciusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusieńkiej	leciusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciusieńkiej	leciusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciusieńkiej	leciusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciusieńkie	leciusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciusieńkie	leciusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciusieńkie	leciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciusieńkie	leciusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciusieńkiemu	leciusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusieńki	leciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciusieńki	leciusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciusieńkimi	leciusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusieńkim	leciusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciusieńkim	leciusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusieńkim	leciusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciusieńko	leciusieńki	adja		
leciusieńko	leciusieńko	adv:pos		
leciusieńkościach	leciusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkościami	leciusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkością	leciusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkości	leciusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkościom	leciusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkość	leciusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusieńkość	leciusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusio	leciusio	adv:pos		
leciusiościach	leciusiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiościami	leciusiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiością	leciusiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiości	leciusiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiościom	leciusiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiość	leciusiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciusiość	leciusiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuścy	leciuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuśka	leciuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciuśką	leciuśki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciuśką	leciuśki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciuśkich	leciuśki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuśkich	leciuśki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuśkich	leciuśki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuśkiego	leciuśki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciuśkiego	leciuśki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuśkiej	leciuśki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciuśkiej	leciuśki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciuśkiej	leciuśki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciuśkie	leciuśki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuśkie	leciuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuśkie	leciuśki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuśkie	leciuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuśkiemu	leciuśki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuśki	leciuśki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciuśki	leciuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciuśkimi	leciuśki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuśkim	leciuśki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuśkim	leciuśki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuśkim	leciuśki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuśko	leciuśki	adja		
leciuśko	leciuśko	adv:pos		
leciuśkościach	leciuśkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkościami	leciuśkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkością	leciuśkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkości	leciuśkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkościom	leciuśkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkość	leciuśkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuśkość	leciuśkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczcy	leciuteczki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuteczka	leciuteczki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciuteczką	leciuteczki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciuteczką	leciuteczki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciuteczkich	leciuteczki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuteczkich	leciuteczki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteczkich	leciuteczki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteczkiego	leciuteczki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciuteczkiego	leciuteczki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteczkiej	leciuteczki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciuteczkiej	leciuteczki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciuteczkiej	leciuteczki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciuteczkie	leciuteczki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteczkie	leciuteczki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteczkie	leciuteczki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuteczkie	leciuteczki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuteczkiemu	leciuteczki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteczki	leciuteczki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciuteczki	leciuteczki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciuteczkimi	leciuteczki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteczkim	leciuteczki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteczkim	leciuteczki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteczkim	leciuteczki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteczko	leciuteczki	adja		
leciuteczkościach	leciuteczkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkościami	leciuteczkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkością	leciuteczkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkości	leciuteczkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkościom	leciuteczkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkość	leciuteczkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteczkość	leciuteczkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńcy	leciuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuteńka	leciuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciuteńką	leciuteńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciuteńką	leciuteńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciuteńkich	leciuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciuteńkich	leciuteńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteńkich	leciuteńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteńkiego	leciuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciuteńkiego	leciuteńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteńkiej	leciuteńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciuteńkiej	leciuteńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciuteńkiej	leciuteńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciuteńkie	leciuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteńkie	leciuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteńkie	leciuteńki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuteńkie	leciuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciuteńkiemu	leciuteńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteńki	leciuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciuteńki	leciuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciuteńkimi	leciuteńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteńkim	leciuteńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciuteńkim	leciuteńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteńkim	leciuteńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciuteńko	leciuteńki	adja		
leciuteńko	leciuteńko	adv:pos		
leciuteńkościach	leciuteńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkościami	leciuteńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkością	leciuteńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkości	leciuteńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkościom	leciuteńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkość	leciuteńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciuteńkość	leciuteńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutcy	leciutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciutka	leciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciutką	leciutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciutką	leciutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciutkich	leciutki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciutkich	leciutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciutkich	leciutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciutkiego	leciutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciutkiego	leciutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciutkiej	leciutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciutkiej	leciutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciutkiej	leciutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciutkie	leciutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciutkie	leciutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciutkie	leciutki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciutkie	leciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciutkiemu	leciutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciutki	leciutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciutki	leciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciutkimi	leciutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciutkim	leciutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciutkim	leciutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciutkim	leciutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciutko	leciutki	adja		
leciutko	leciutko	adv:pos		
leciutkościach	leciutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkościami	leciutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkością	leciutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkości	leciutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkościom	leciutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkość	leciutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciutkość	leciutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwie	leciwie	adv:pos		
leciwościach	leciwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwościami	leciwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwością	leciwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwości	leciwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwościom	leciwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwość	leciwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwość	leciwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leciwa	leciwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leciwą	leciwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leciwą	leciwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leciwego	leciwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leciwego	leciwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciwej	leciwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leciwej	leciwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leciwej	leciwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leciwe	leciwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciwe	leciwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leciwe	leciwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leciwe	leciwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leciwemu	leciwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciwi	leciwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leciwo	leciwy	adja		
leciwych	leciwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leciwych	leciwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciwych	leciwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciwy	leciwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leciwy	leciwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leciwymi	leciwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciwym	leciwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leciwym	leciwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leciwym	leciwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lecce	lecka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecce	lecka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecek	lecka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leckach	lecka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecka	lecka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leckami	lecka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecką	lecka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leckę	lecka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecki	lecka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecki	lecka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecki	lecka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecki	lecka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecko	lecka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leckom	lecka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lecytynach	lecytyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyna	lecytyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytynami	lecytyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyną	lecytyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytynę	lecytyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytynie	lecytyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytynie	lecytyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyn	lecytyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyno	lecytyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytynom	lecytyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyny	lecytyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyny	lecytyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyny	lecytyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecytyny	lecytyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecz	lecz	conj		
lecząco	lecząco	adv:pos		
leczącościach	leczącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącościami	leczącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącością	leczącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącości	leczącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącościom	leczącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącość	leczącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczącość	leczącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecząca	leczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leczącą	leczący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leczącą	leczący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leczącego	leczący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leczącego	leczący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leczącej	leczący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leczącej	leczący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leczącej	leczący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leczące	leczący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leczące	leczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leczące	leczący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leczące	leczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leczącemu	leczący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lecząco	leczący	adja		
leczących	leczący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leczących	leczący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczących	leczący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczący	leczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leczący	leczący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leczący	leczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leczącymi	leczący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczącym	leczący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczącym	leczący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leczącym	leczący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leczebnościach	leczebność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebnościami	leczebność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebnością	leczebność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebności	leczebność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebnościom	leczebność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebność	leczebność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebność	leczebność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leczebna	leczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
leczebną	leczebny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
leczebną	leczebny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
leczebnego	leczebny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
leczebnego	leczebny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leczebnej	leczebny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
leczebnej	leczebny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
leczebnej	leczebny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
leczebne	leczebny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leczebne	leczebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leczebne	leczebny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
leczebne	leczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
leczebnemu	leczebny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leczebni	leczebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
leczebno	leczebny	adja		daw.
leczebnych	leczebny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
leczebnych	leczebny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leczebnych	leczebny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leczebny	leczebny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
leczebny	leczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
leczebnymi	leczebny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leczebnym	leczebny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leczebnym	leczebny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leczebnym	leczebny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leczeniach	leczenie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczenia	leczenie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczenia	leczenie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczenia	leczenie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczenia	leczenie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczeniami	leczenie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczenie	leczenie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczenie	leczenie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczenie	leczenie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczeniem	leczenie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczeniom	leczenie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczeniu	leczenie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczeniu	leczenie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczeń	leczenie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicach	lecznica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznica	lecznica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicami	lecznica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicą	lecznica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznice	lecznica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznice	lecznica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznice	lecznica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicę	lecznica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznic	lecznica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznico	lecznica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicom	lecznica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicy	lecznica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicy	lecznica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicy	lecznica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwach	lecznictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwa	lecznictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwa	lecznictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwa	lecznictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwa	lecznictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwami	lecznictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwem	lecznictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwie	lecznictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictw	lecznictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwo	lecznictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwo	lecznictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwo	lecznictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwom	lecznictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lecznictwu	lecznictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczo	leczniczo	adv:pos		
leczniczościach	leczniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczościami	leczniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczością	leczniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczości	leczniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczościom	leczniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczość	leczniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leczniczość	leczniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lecznicza	leczniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leczniczą	leczniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leczniczą	leczniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leczniczego	leczniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leczniczego	leczniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leczniczej	leczniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leczniczej	leczniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leczniczej	leczniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lecznicze	leczniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lecznicze	leczniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lecznicze	leczniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lecznicze	leczniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leczniczemu	leczniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leczniczo	leczniczy	adja		
leczniczych	leczniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leczniczych	leczniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczniczych	leczniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczniczy	leczniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leczniczy	leczniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leczniczy	leczniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leczniczymi	leczniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczniczym	leczniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leczniczym	leczniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leczniczym	leczniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lecznicy	lecznik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznicy	lecznik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznikach	lecznik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznika	lecznik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznika	lecznik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznikami	lecznik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznikiem	lecznik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
leczniki	lecznik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
leczniki	lecznik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznik	lecznik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznikom	lecznik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lecznikowi	lecznik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
leczników	lecznik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
leczników	lecznik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
leczniku	lecznik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
leczniku	lecznik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
leczach	leczo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
lecza	leczo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
lecza	leczo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
lecza	leczo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
lecza	leczo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczami	leczo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczem	leczo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
lecz	leczo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczo	leczo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczo	leczo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.|rzad.
leczom	leczo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczów	leczo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczu	leczo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
leczu	leczo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
lecząca	leczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leczącą	leczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leczącego	leczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leczącego	leczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leczącej	leczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leczące	leczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczące	leczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leczącemu	leczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lecząc	leczyć	pcon:imperf		
lecząco	leczyć	pacta		
leczących	leczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leczących	leczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczący	leczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leczący	leczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leczący	leczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leczącymi	leczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczącym	leczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczącym	leczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leczą	leczyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leczcie	leczyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leczeniach	leczyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leczenia	leczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leczenia	leczyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leczeniami	leczyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leczenie	leczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leczeniem	leczyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leczeni	leczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leczeniom	leczyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leczeniu	leczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leczeń	leczyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leczę	leczyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lecz	leczyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leczmy	leczyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leczona	leczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leczoną	leczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leczonego	leczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leczonego	leczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leczonej	leczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leczone	leczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczone	leczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leczonemu	leczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leczono	leczyć	imps:imperf		
leczonych	leczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leczonych	leczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczony	leczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leczony	leczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leczonymi	leczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczonym	leczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leczonym	leczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leczycie	leczyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leczyć	leczyć	inf:imperf		
leczy	leczyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leczyliby	leczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leczylibyście	leczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leczylibyśmy	leczyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leczyli	leczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leczyli	leczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leczyliście	leczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leczyliśmy	leczyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leczyłaby	leczyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leczyłabym	leczyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leczyłabyś	leczyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leczyła	leczyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leczyła	leczyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leczyłam	leczyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leczyłaś	leczyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leczyłby	leczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leczyłbym	leczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leczyłbyś	leczyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leczyłem	leczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leczyłeś	leczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leczył	leczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leczył	leczyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leczyłoby	leczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leczyłobym	leczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leczyłobyś	leczyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leczyło	leczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leczyło	leczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leczyłom	leczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leczyłoś	leczyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leczyłyby	leczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leczyłybyście	leczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leczyłybyśmy	leczyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leczyły	leczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leczyły	leczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leczyłyście	leczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leczyłyśmy	leczyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leczymy	leczyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leczysz	leczyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
ledach	leda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leda	leda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledami	leda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledą	leda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledę	leda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
led	leda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledo	leda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledom	leda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledy	leda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledy	leda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledy	leda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledy	leda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledzie	leda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledzie	leda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerkach	lederwerk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerka	lederwerk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerkami	lederwerk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerkiem	lederwerk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerki	lederwerk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerki	lederwerk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerki	lederwerk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerk	lederwerk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerk	lederwerk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerkom	lederwerk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerkowi	lederwerk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerków	lederwerk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerku	lederwerk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lederwerku	lederwerk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicach	lednica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednica	lednica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicami	lednica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicą	lednica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednice	lednica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednice	lednica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednice	lednica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicę	lednica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednic	lednica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednico	lednica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicom	lednica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicy	lednica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicy	lednica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lednicy	lednica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledniccy	lednicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lednicka	lednicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lednicką	lednicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lednicką	lednicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lednickich	lednicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lednickich	lednicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lednickich	lednicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lednickiego	lednicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lednickiego	lednicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lednickiej	lednicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lednickiej	lednicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lednickiej	lednicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lednickie	lednicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lednickie	lednicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lednickie	lednicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lednickie	lednicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lednickiemu	lednicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lednicki	lednicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lednicki	lednicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lednickimi	lednicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lednickim	lednicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lednickim	lednicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lednickim	lednicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lednicko	lednicki	adja		
lednicku	lednicki	adjp		
lednicko	lednicko	adv:pos		
lednickościach	lednickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickościami	lednickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickością	lednickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickości	lednickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickościom	lednickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickość	lednickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lednickość	lednickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ledwie	ledwie:c	comp		
ledwie	ledwie:d	adv		
ledwie	ledwie:q	qub		
ledwo	ledwo:c	comp		
ledwo	ledwo:d	adv		
ledwo	ledwo:q	qub		
ledwością	ledwością	burk		pot.
ledziutcy	ledziutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ledziutka	ledziutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ledziutką	ledziutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ledziutką	ledziutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ledziutkich	ledziutki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ledziutkich	ledziutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ledziutkich	ledziutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ledziutkiego	ledziutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ledziutkiego	ledziutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ledziutkiej	ledziutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ledziutkiej	ledziutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ledziutkiej	ledziutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ledziutkie	ledziutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ledziutkie	ledziutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ledziutkie	ledziutki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ledziutkie	ledziutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ledziutkiemu	ledziutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ledziutki	ledziutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ledziutki	ledziutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ledziutkimi	ledziutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ledziutkim	ledziutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ledziutkim	ledziutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ledziutkim	ledziutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ledziutko	ledziutki	adja		daw.
ledziutkościach	ledziutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkościami	ledziutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkością	ledziutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkości	ledziutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkościom	ledziutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkość	ledziutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ledziutkość	ledziutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lefebrystach	lefebrysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrysta	lefebrysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrystami	lefebrysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrystą	lefebrysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrystę	lefebrysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrysto	lefebrysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrystom	lefebrysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrystów	lefebrysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrystów	lefebrysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrysty	lefebrysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrysty	lefebrysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lefebrysty	lefebrysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebryście	lefebrysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebryście	lefebrysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebryści	lefebrysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefebryści	lefebrysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówce	lefoszówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówce	lefoszówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówek	lefoszówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówkach	lefoszówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówka	lefoszówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówkami	lefoszówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówką	lefoszówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówkę	lefoszówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówki	lefoszówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówki	lefoszówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówki	lefoszówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówki	lefoszówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówko	lefoszówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lefoszówkom	lefoszówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ledze	lega	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ledze	lega	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legach	lega	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lega	lega	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legami	lega	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legą	lega	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legę	lega	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legi	lega	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legi	lega	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legi	lega	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legi	lega	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leg	lega	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lega	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legom	lega	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacikach	legacik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacikami	legacik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacikiem	legacik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaciki	legacik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaciki	legacik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaciki	legacik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacik	legacik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacik	legacik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacikom	legacik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacikowi	legacik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacików	legacik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaciku	legacik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaciku	legacik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaciku	legacik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacjach	legacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacja	legacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacjami	legacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacją	legacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacje	legacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacje	legacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacje	legacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legację	legacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacji	legacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
legacji	legacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacji	legacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacji	legacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacjo	legacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacjom	legacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyj	legacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
legacyjnościach	legacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjnościami	legacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjnością	legacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjności	legacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjnościom	legacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjność	legacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjność	legacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legacyjna	legacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legacyjną	legacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legacyjną	legacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legacyjnego	legacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legacyjnego	legacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legacyjnej	legacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legacyjnej	legacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legacyjnej	legacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legacyjne	legacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legacyjne	legacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legacyjne	legacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legacyjne	legacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legacyjnemu	legacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legacyjni	legacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legacyjno	legacyjny	adja		
legacyjnych	legacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legacyjnych	legacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legacyjnych	legacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legacyjny	legacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legacyjny	legacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legacyjnymi	legacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legacyjnym	legacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legacyjnym	legacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legacyjnym	legacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legacie	legać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
legać	legać	inf:imperf		przest.
legająca	legać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legającą	legać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legającego	legać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legającego	legać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legającej	legać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legające	legać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legające	legać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legającemu	legać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legając	legać	pcon:imperf		przest.
legająco	legać	pacta		
legających	legać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legających	legać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legający	legać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legający	legać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legający	legać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legającymi	legać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legającym	legać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legającym	legać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legają	legać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
legajcie	legać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
legaj	legać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
legajmy	legać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
lega	legać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
legaliby	legać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
legalibyście	legać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
legalibyśmy	legać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
legali	legać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
legali	legać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
legaliście	legać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
legaliśmy	legać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
legałaby	legać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
legałabym	legać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
legałabyś	legać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
legała	legać	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
legała	legać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
legałam	legać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
legałaś	legać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
legałby	legać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
legałbym	legać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
legałbyś	legać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
legałem	legać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
legałeś	legać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
legał	legać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
legał	legać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
legałoby	legać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
legałobym	legać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
legałobyś	legać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
legało	legać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
legało	legać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
legałom	legać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
legałoś	legać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
legałyby	legać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
legałybyście	legać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
legałybyśmy	legać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
legały	legać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
legały	legać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
legałyście	legać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
legałyśmy	legać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
legam	legać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
legamy	legać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
leganiach	legać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legania	legać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legania	legać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leganiami	legać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leganie	legać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leganiem	legać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leganiom	legać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leganiu	legać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legano	legać	imps:imperf		przest.
legań	legać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legasz	legać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
legalistach	legalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalista	legalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalistami	legalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalistą	legalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalistę	legalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalisto	legalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalistom	legalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalistów	legalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalistów	legalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalisty	legalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legalisty	legalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legalisty	legalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legaliście	legalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legaliście	legalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legaliści	legalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legaliści	legalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalistce	legalistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistce	legalistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistek	legalistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistkach	legalistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistka	legalistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistkami	legalistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistką	legalistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistkę	legalistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistki	legalistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistki	legalistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistki	legalistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistki	legalistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistko	legalistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistkom	legalistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistycznie	legalistycznie	adv:pos		
legalistycznościach	legalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistycznościami	legalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistycznością	legalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczności	legalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistycznościom	legalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczność	legalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczność	legalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalistyczna	legalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legalistyczną	legalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legalistyczną	legalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legalistycznego	legalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legalistycznego	legalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalistycznej	legalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legalistycznej	legalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legalistycznej	legalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legalistyczne	legalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legalistyczne	legalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legalistyczne	legalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legalistyczne	legalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legalistycznemu	legalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalistyczni	legalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legalistyczno	legalistyczny	adja		
legalistycznych	legalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legalistycznych	legalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalistycznych	legalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalistyczny	legalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legalistyczny	legalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legalistycznymi	legalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalistycznym	legalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalistycznym	legalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalistycznym	legalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalizacjach	legalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacja	legalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacjami	legalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacją	legalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacje	legalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacje	legalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacje	legalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizację	legalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacji	legalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|praw.
legalizacji	legalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacji	legalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacji	legalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacjo	legalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacjom	legalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legalizacyj	legalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|praw.
legalizacyjnościach	legalizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjnościami	legalizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjnością	legalizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjności	legalizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjnościom	legalizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjność	legalizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjność	legalizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalizacyjna	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legalizacyjną	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legalizacyjną	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legalizacyjnego	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legalizacyjnego	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalizacyjnej	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legalizacyjnej	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legalizacyjnej	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legalizacyjne	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legalizacyjne	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legalizacyjne	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legalizacyjne	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legalizacyjnemu	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalizacyjni	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legalizacyjno	legalizacyjny	adja		
legalizacyjnych	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legalizacyjnych	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalizacyjnych	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalizacyjny	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legalizacyjny	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legalizacyjnymi	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalizacyjnym	legalizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalizacyjnym	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalizacyjnym	legalizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalizatorach	legalizator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatora	legalizator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatora	legalizator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorami	legalizator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorem	legalizator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizator	legalizator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorom	legalizator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorowi	legalizator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorów	legalizator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorów	legalizator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatory	legalizator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatory	legalizator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorze	legalizator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorze	legalizator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorzy	legalizator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizatorzy	legalizator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmach	legalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmami	legalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmem	legalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmie	legalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmie	legalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizm	legalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizm	legalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmom	legalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmowi	legalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmów	legalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmu	legalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmy	legalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmy	legalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizmy	legalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legalizować	legalizować	inf:imperf		
legalizowaliby	legalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legalizowalibyście	legalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legalizowalibyśmy	legalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legalizowali	legalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
legalizowali	legalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legalizowaliście	legalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legalizowaliśmy	legalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legalizowałaby	legalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legalizowałabym	legalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legalizowałabyś	legalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legalizowała	legalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
legalizowała	legalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legalizowałam	legalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legalizowałaś	legalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legalizowałby	legalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legalizowałbym	legalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legalizowałbyś	legalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legalizowałem	legalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legalizowałeś	legalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legalizował	legalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
legalizował	legalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legalizowałoby	legalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legalizowałobym	legalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legalizowałobyś	legalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legalizowało	legalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
legalizowało	legalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legalizowałom	legalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legalizowałoś	legalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legalizowałyby	legalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legalizowałybyście	legalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legalizowałybyśmy	legalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legalizowały	legalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
legalizowały	legalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legalizowałyście	legalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legalizowałyśmy	legalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legalizowana	legalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legalizowaną	legalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legalizowanego	legalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legalizowanego	legalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowanej	legalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legalizowane	legalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizowane	legalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowanemu	legalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowaniach	legalizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowania	legalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowania	legalizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowaniami	legalizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowanie	legalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowaniem	legalizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowani	legalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legalizowaniom	legalizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowaniu	legalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowano	legalizować	imps:imperf		
legalizowanych	legalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legalizowanych	legalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizowany	legalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legalizowany	legalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legalizowanymi	legalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizowanym	legalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizowanym	legalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizowań	legalizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legalizująca	legalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legalizującą	legalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legalizującego	legalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legalizującego	legalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizującej	legalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legalizujące	legalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizujące	legalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizującemu	legalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizując	legalizować	pcon:imperf		
legalizująco	legalizować	pacta		
legalizujących	legalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legalizujących	legalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizujący	legalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legalizujący	legalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legalizujący	legalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legalizującymi	legalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizującym	legalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legalizującym	legalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legalizują	legalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
legalizujcie	legalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
legalizujecie	legalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
legalizuje	legalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
legalizujemy	legalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
legalizujesz	legalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
legalizuję	legalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
legalizuj	legalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
legalizujmy	legalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
legalniej	legalnie	adv:com		
legalnie	legalnie	adv:pos		
legalnościach	legalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalnościami	legalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalnością	legalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalności	legalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalnościom	legalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalność	legalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalność	legalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legalna	legalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legalną	legalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legalną	legalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legalnego	legalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legalnego	legalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalnej	legalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legalnej	legalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legalnej	legalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legalne	legalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legalne	legalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legalne	legalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legalne	legalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legalnemu	legalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalniejsi	legalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
legalniejsza	legalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
legalniejszą	legalny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
legalniejszą	legalny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
legalniejszego	legalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
legalniejszego	legalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
legalniejszej	legalny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
legalniejszej	legalny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
legalniejszej	legalny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
legalniejsze	legalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
legalniejsze	legalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
legalniejsze	legalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
legalniejsze	legalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
legalniejszemu	legalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
legalniejszych	legalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
legalniejszych	legalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
legalniejszych	legalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
legalniejszy	legalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
legalniejszy	legalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
legalniejszymi	legalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
legalniejszym	legalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
legalniejszym	legalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
legalniejszym	legalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
legalni	legalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legalno	legalny	adja		
legalnych	legalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legalnych	legalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalnych	legalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalny	legalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legalny	legalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legalnymi	legalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalnym	legalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legalnym	legalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legalnym	legalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legarach	legar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legara	legar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarami	legar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarem	legar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legar	legar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legar	legar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarom	legar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarowi	legar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarów	legar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legary	legar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legary	legar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legary	legar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarze	legar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarze	legar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarek	legarek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarek	legarek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarkach	legarek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarka	legarek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarkami	legarek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarkiem	legarek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarki	legarek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarki	legarek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarki	legarek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarkom	legarek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarkowi	legarek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarków	legarek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarku	legarek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarku	legarek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legarcie	legart	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legarcie	legart	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legartach	legart	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legarta	legart	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legarta	legart	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legartami	legart	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legartem	legart	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legart	legart	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legartom	legart	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legartowi	legart	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legartów	legart	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legarty	legart	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legarty	legart	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legarty	legart	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legatariuszach	legatariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariusza	legatariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariusza	legatariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszami	legatariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariusze	legatariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariusze	legatariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariusze	legatariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariusze	legatariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszem	legatariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariusz	legatariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszom	legatariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszowi	legatariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszów	legatariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszów	legatariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszu	legatariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszu	legatariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszy	legatariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legatariuszy	legatariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legacie	legato	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legatach	legato	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legata	legato	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legata	legato	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legata	legato	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legata	legato	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legatami	legato	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legatem	legato	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legat	legato	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legato	legato	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legatom	legato	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legatu	legato	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	muz.
legatorach	legator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatora	legator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatora	legator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorami	legator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorem	legator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legator	legator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorom	legator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorowie	legator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorowie	legator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorowi	legator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorów	legator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorów	legator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatory	legator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatory	legator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorze	legator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorze	legator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorzy	legator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legatorzy	legator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legacie	legat:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legacie	legat:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legaci	legat:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legaci	legat:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legatach	legat:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legata	legat:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legata	legat:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legatami	legat:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legatem	legat:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legat	legat:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legatom	legat:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legatowi	legat:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legatów	legat:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legatów	legat:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legaty	legat:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legaty	legat:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legacie	legat:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legacie	legat:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legatach	legat:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legatami	legat:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legatem	legat:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legat	legat:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legat	legat:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legatom	legat:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legatowi	legat:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legatów	legat:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legatu	legat:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaty	legat:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaty	legat:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legaty	legat:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legawcach	legawiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawca	legawiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawca	legawiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawcami	legawiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawce	legawiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawce	legawiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawce	legawiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawcem	legawiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawcom	legawiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawcowi	legawiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawców	legawiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawcu	legawiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawcu	legawiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawiec	legawiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legawce	legawka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawce	legawka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawek	legawka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawkach	legawka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawka	legawka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawkami	legawka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawką	legawka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawkę	legawka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawki	legawka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawki	legawka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawki	legawka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawki	legawka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawko	legawka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawkom	legawka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawościach	legawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawościami	legawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawością	legawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawości	legawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawościom	legawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawość	legawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawość	legawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legawa	legawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legawą	legawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legawą	legawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legawego	legawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legawego	legawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legawej	legawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legawej	legawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legawej	legawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legawe	legawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legawe	legawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legawe	legawy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legawe	legawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legawemu	legawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legawi	legawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legawo	legawy	adja		
legawych	legawy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legawych	legawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legawych	legawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legawy	legawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legawy	legawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legawymi	legawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legawym	legawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legawym	legawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legawym	legawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendach	legenda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legenda	legenda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendami	legenda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendą	legenda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendę	legenda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legend	legenda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendo	legenda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendom	legenda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendy	legenda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendy	legenda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendy	legenda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendy	legenda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendzie	legenda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendzie	legenda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarnie	legendarnie	adv:pos		
legendarnościach	legendarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarnościami	legendarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarnością	legendarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarności	legendarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarnościom	legendarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarność	legendarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarność	legendarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendarna	legendarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legendarną	legendarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legendarną	legendarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legendarnego	legendarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legendarnego	legendarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendarnej	legendarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legendarnej	legendarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legendarnej	legendarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legendarne	legendarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legendarne	legendarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legendarne	legendarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legendarne	legendarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legendarnemu	legendarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendarni	legendarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legendarno	legendarny	adja		
legendarnych	legendarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legendarnych	legendarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendarnych	legendarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendarny	legendarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legendarny	legendarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legendarnymi	legendarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendarnym	legendarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendarnym	legendarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendarnym	legendarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendarzach	legendarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzach	legendarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarza	legendarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarza	legendarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarza	legendarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarza	legendarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzami	legendarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzami	legendarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarze	legendarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legendarze	legendarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarze	legendarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legendarze	legendarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarze	legendarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarze	legendarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarze	legendarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarze	legendarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzem	legendarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzem	legendarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarz	legendarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarz	legendarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzom	legendarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzom	legendarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzowi	legendarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzowi	legendarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzów	legendarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzów	legendarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzu	legendarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzu	legendarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzu	legendarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzu	legendarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendarzy	legendarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendarzy	legendarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczościach	legendotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczościami	legendotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczością	legendotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczości	legendotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczościom	legendotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczość	legendotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórczość	legendotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendotwórcza	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legendotwórczą	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legendotwórczą	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legendotwórczego	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legendotwórczego	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendotwórczej	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legendotwórczej	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legendotwórczej	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legendotwórcze	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legendotwórcze	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legendotwórcze	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legendotwórcze	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legendotwórczemu	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendotwórczo	legendotwórczy	adja		
legendotwórczych	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legendotwórczych	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendotwórczych	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendotwórczy	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legendotwórczy	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legendotwórczy	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legendotwórczymi	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendotwórczym	legendotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendotwórczym	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendotwórczym	legendotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendowościach	legendowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowościami	legendowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowością	legendowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowości	legendowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowościom	legendowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowość	legendowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowość	legendowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legendowa	legendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legendową	legendowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legendową	legendowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legendowego	legendowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legendowego	legendowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendowej	legendowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legendowej	legendowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legendowej	legendowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legendowe	legendowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legendowe	legendowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legendowe	legendowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legendowe	legendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legendowemu	legendowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendowi	legendowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legendowo	legendowy	adja		
legendowych	legendowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legendowych	legendowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendowych	legendowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendowy	legendowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legendowy	legendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legendowymi	legendowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendowym	legendowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legendowym	legendowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendowym	legendowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legendystach	legendysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendysta	legendysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendystami	legendysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendystą	legendysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendystę	legendysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendysto	legendysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendystom	legendysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendystów	legendysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendystów	legendysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendysty	legendysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendysty	legendysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendysty	legendysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendyście	legendysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendyście	legendysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendyści	legendysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendyści	legendysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendyzmach	legendyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmami	legendyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmem	legendyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmie	legendyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmie	legendyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzm	legendyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzm	legendyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmom	legendyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmowi	legendyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmów	legendyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmu	legendyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmy	legendyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmy	legendyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendyzmy	legendyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzach	legendziarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzach	legendziarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarza	legendziarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarza	legendziarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarza	legendziarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarza	legendziarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzami	legendziarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzami	legendziarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarze	legendziarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarze	legendziarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarze	legendziarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarze	legendziarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarze	legendziarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarze	legendziarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarze	legendziarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarze	legendziarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzem	legendziarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzem	legendziarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarz	legendziarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarz	legendziarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzom	legendziarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzom	legendziarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzowi	legendziarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzowi	legendziarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzów	legendziarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzów	legendziarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzu	legendziarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzu	legendziarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzu	legendziarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzu	legendziarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
legendziarzy	legendziarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendziarzy	legendziarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legendzistach	legendzista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzista	legendzista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzistami	legendzista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzistą	legendzista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzistę	legendzista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzisto	legendzista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzistom	legendzista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzistów	legendzista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzistów	legendzista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzisty	legendzista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzisty	legendzista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendzisty	legendzista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendziście	legendzista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendziście	legendzista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendziści	legendzista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legendziści	legendzista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legginsach	legginsy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
legginsami	legginsy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
legginsom	legginsy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
legginsów	legginsy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
legginsy	legginsy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
legginsy	legginsy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
legginsy	legginsy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leghornach	leghorn	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghorna	leghorn	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghorna	leghorn	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghornami	leghorn	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghornem	leghorn	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghornie	leghorn	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghornie	leghorn	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghorn	leghorn	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghornom	leghorn	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghornowi	leghorn	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghornów	leghorn	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghorny	leghorn	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghorny	leghorn	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leghorny	leghorn	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legiach	legia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legia	legia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legiami	legia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legią	legia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legie	legia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legie	legia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legie	legia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legię	legia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legii	legia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
legii	legia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legii	legia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legii	legia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legij	legia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
legio	legia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legiom	legia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionach	legion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionami	legion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionem	legion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionie	legion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionie	legion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legion	legion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legion	legion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionom	legion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionowi	legion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionów	legion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionu	legion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legiony	legion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legiony	legion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legiony	legion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legionistach	legionista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionista	legionista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionistami	legionista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionistą	legionista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionistę	legionista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionisto	legionista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionistom	legionista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionistów	legionista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionistów	legionista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionisty	legionista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legionisty	legionista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legionisty	legionista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legioniście	legionista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legioniście	legionista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legioniści	legionista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legioniści	legionista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legionowościach	legionowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowościami	legionowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowością	legionowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowości	legionowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowościom	legionowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowość	legionowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowość	legionowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowscy	legionowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legionowska	legionowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legionowską	legionowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legionowską	legionowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legionowskich	legionowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legionowskich	legionowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowskich	legionowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowskiego	legionowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legionowskiego	legionowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legionowskiej	legionowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legionowskiej	legionowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legionowskiej	legionowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legionowskie	legionowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legionowskie	legionowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legionowskie	legionowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legionowskie	legionowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legionowskiemu	legionowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legionowski	legionowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legionowski	legionowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legionowskimi	legionowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowskim	legionowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowskim	legionowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legionowskim	legionowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legionowsko	legionowski	adja		
legionowsku	legionowski	adjp		
legionowsko	legionowsko	adv:pos		
legionowskościach	legionowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskościami	legionowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskością	legionowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskości	legionowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskościom	legionowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskość	legionowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowskość	legionowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legionowa	legionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legionową	legionowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legionową	legionowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legionowego	legionowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legionowego	legionowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legionowej	legionowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legionowej	legionowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legionowej	legionowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legionowe	legionowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legionowe	legionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legionowe	legionowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legionowe	legionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legionowemu	legionowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legionowi	legionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legionowo	legionowy	adja		
legionowych	legionowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legionowych	legionowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowych	legionowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowy	legionowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legionowy	legionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legionowymi	legionowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowym	legionowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legionowym	legionowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legionowym	legionowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislacjach	legislacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacja	legislacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacjami	legislacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacją	legislacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacje	legislacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacje	legislacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacje	legislacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislację	legislacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacji	legislacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|praw.
legislacji	legislacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacji	legislacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacji	legislacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacjo	legislacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacjom	legislacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	praw.
legislacyj	legislacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|praw.
legislacyjnie	legislacyjnie	adv:pos		
legislacyjnościach	legislacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjnościami	legislacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjnością	legislacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjności	legislacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjnościom	legislacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjność	legislacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjność	legislacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislacyjna	legislacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legislacyjną	legislacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legislacyjną	legislacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legislacyjnego	legislacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legislacyjnego	legislacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislacyjnej	legislacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legislacyjnej	legislacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legislacyjnej	legislacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legislacyjne	legislacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legislacyjne	legislacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legislacyjne	legislacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legislacyjne	legislacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legislacyjnemu	legislacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislacyjni	legislacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legislacyjno	legislacyjny	adja		
legislacyjnych	legislacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legislacyjnych	legislacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislacyjnych	legislacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislacyjny	legislacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legislacyjny	legislacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legislacyjnymi	legislacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislacyjnym	legislacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislacyjnym	legislacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislacyjnym	legislacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislatorach	legislator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatora	legislator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatora	legislator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorami	legislator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorem	legislator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislator	legislator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorom	legislator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorowi	legislator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorów	legislator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorów	legislator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatory	legislator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatory	legislator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorze	legislator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorze	legislator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorzy	legislator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislatorzy	legislator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legislaturach	legislatura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatura	legislatura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislaturami	legislatura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislaturą	legislatura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislaturę	legislatura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatur	legislatura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislaturo	legislatura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislaturom	legislatura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatury	legislatura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatury	legislatura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatury	legislatura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatury	legislatura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislaturze	legislatura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislaturze	legislatura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywach	legislatywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywa	legislatywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywami	legislatywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywą	legislatywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywę	legislatywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywie	legislatywa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywie	legislatywa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatyw	legislatywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywo	legislatywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywom	legislatywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywy	legislatywa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywy	legislatywa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywy	legislatywa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywy	legislatywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywnościach	legislatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywnościami	legislatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywnością	legislatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywności	legislatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywnościom	legislatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywność	legislatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywność	legislatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legislatywna	legislatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legislatywną	legislatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legislatywną	legislatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legislatywnego	legislatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legislatywnego	legislatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislatywnej	legislatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legislatywnej	legislatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legislatywnej	legislatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legislatywne	legislatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legislatywne	legislatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legislatywne	legislatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legislatywne	legislatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legislatywnemu	legislatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislatywni	legislatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legislatywno	legislatywny	adja		
legislatywnych	legislatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legislatywnych	legislatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislatywnych	legislatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislatywny	legislatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legislatywny	legislatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legislatywnymi	legislatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislatywnym	legislatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legislatywnym	legislatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legislatywnym	legislatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legistach	legista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legista	legista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legistami	legista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legistą	legista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legistę	legista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legisto	legista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legistom	legista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legistów	legista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legistów	legista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legisty	legista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legisty	legista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legisty	legista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legiście	legista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legiście	legista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legiści	legista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legiści	legista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legitymach	legityma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legityma	legityma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymami	legityma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymą	legityma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymę	legityma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymie	legityma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymie	legityma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitym	legityma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymo	legityma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymom	legityma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymy	legityma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymy	legityma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymy	legityma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymy	legityma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacjach	legitymacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacja	legitymacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacjami	legitymacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacją	legitymacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacje	legitymacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacje	legitymacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacje	legitymacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymację	legitymacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacji	legitymacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
legitymacji	legitymacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacji	legitymacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacji	legitymacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacjo	legitymacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacjom	legitymacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyj	legitymacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
legitymacyjnościach	legitymacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjnościami	legitymacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjnością	legitymacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjności	legitymacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjnościom	legitymacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjność	legitymacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjność	legitymacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymacyjna	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legitymacyjną	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legitymacyjną	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legitymacyjnego	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legitymacyjnego	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymacyjnej	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legitymacyjnej	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legitymacyjnej	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legitymacyjne	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymacyjne	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymacyjne	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymacyjne	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymacyjnemu	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymacyjni	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymacyjno	legitymacyjny	adja		
legitymacyjnych	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymacyjnych	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymacyjnych	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymacyjny	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legitymacyjny	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legitymacyjnymi	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymacyjnym	legitymacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymacyjnym	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymacyjnym	legitymacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistach	legitymista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymista	legitymista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistami	legitymista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistą	legitymista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistę	legitymista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymisto	legitymista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistom	legitymista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistów	legitymista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistów	legitymista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymisty	legitymista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legitymisty	legitymista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legitymisty	legitymista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymiście	legitymista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymiście	legitymista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymiści	legitymista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymiści	legitymista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistce	legitymistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistce	legitymistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistek	legitymistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistkach	legitymistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistka	legitymistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistkami	legitymistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistką	legitymistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistkę	legitymistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistki	legitymistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistki	legitymistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistki	legitymistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistki	legitymistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistko	legitymistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistkom	legitymistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowscy	legitymistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymistowska	legitymistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legitymistowską	legitymistowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legitymistowską	legitymistowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legitymistowskich	legitymistowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymistowskich	legitymistowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistowskich	legitymistowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistowskiego	legitymistowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legitymistowskiego	legitymistowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistowskiej	legitymistowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legitymistowskiej	legitymistowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legitymistowskiej	legitymistowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legitymistowskie	legitymistowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistowskie	legitymistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistowskie	legitymistowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymistowskie	legitymistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymistowskiemu	legitymistowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistowski	legitymistowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legitymistowski	legitymistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legitymistowskimi	legitymistowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistowskim	legitymistowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistowskim	legitymistowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistowskim	legitymistowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistowsko	legitymistowski	adja		
legitymistowsku	legitymistowski	adjp		
legitymistowsko	legitymistowsko	adv:pos		
legitymistowskościach	legitymistowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskościami	legitymistowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskością	legitymistowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskości	legitymistowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskościom	legitymistowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskość	legitymistowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistowskość	legitymistowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistycznościach	legitymistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistycznościami	legitymistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistycznością	legitymistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczności	legitymistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistycznościom	legitymistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczność	legitymistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczność	legitymistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymistyczna	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legitymistyczną	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legitymistyczną	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legitymistycznego	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legitymistycznego	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistycznej	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legitymistycznej	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legitymistycznej	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legitymistyczne	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistyczne	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistyczne	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymistyczne	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymistycznemu	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistyczni	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymistyczno	legitymistyczny	adja		
legitymistycznych	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymistycznych	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistycznych	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistyczny	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legitymistyczny	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legitymistycznymi	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistycznym	legitymistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymistycznym	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymistycznym	legitymistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymizacjach	legitymizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacja	legitymizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacjami	legitymizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacją	legitymizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacje	legitymizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacje	legitymizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacje	legitymizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizację	legitymizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacji	legitymizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
legitymizacji	legitymizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacji	legitymizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacji	legitymizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacjo	legitymizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacjom	legitymizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyj	legitymizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
legitymizacyjnościach	legitymizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjnościami	legitymizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjnością	legitymizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjności	legitymizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjnościom	legitymizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjność	legitymizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjność	legitymizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizacyjna	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legitymizacyjną	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legitymizacyjną	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legitymizacyjnego	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legitymizacyjnego	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymizacyjnej	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legitymizacyjnej	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legitymizacyjnej	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legitymizacyjne	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymizacyjne	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legitymizacyjne	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymizacyjne	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legitymizacyjnemu	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymizacyjni	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymizacyjno	legitymizacyjny	adja		
legitymizacyjnych	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legitymizacyjnych	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymizacyjnych	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymizacyjny	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legitymizacyjny	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legitymizacyjnymi	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymizacyjnym	legitymizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legitymizacyjnym	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymizacyjnym	legitymizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legitymizmach	legitymizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmami	legitymizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmem	legitymizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmie	legitymizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmie	legitymizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizm	legitymizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizm	legitymizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmom	legitymizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmowi	legitymizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmów	legitymizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmu	legitymizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmy	legitymizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmy	legitymizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizmy	legitymizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
legitymizować	legitymizować	inf:imperf		
legitymizowaliby	legitymizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legitymizowalibyście	legitymizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legitymizowalibyśmy	legitymizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legitymizowali	legitymizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
legitymizowali	legitymizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legitymizowaliście	legitymizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legitymizowaliśmy	legitymizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legitymizowałaby	legitymizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałabym	legitymizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legitymizowałabyś	legitymizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legitymizowała	legitymizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
legitymizowała	legitymizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałam	legitymizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legitymizowałaś	legitymizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legitymizowałby	legitymizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałbym	legitymizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legitymizowałbyś	legitymizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legitymizowałem	legitymizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legitymizowałeś	legitymizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legitymizował	legitymizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
legitymizował	legitymizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałoby	legitymizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałobym	legitymizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legitymizowałobyś	legitymizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legitymizowało	legitymizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
legitymizowało	legitymizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałom	legitymizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legitymizowałoś	legitymizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legitymizowałyby	legitymizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałybyście	legitymizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legitymizowałybyśmy	legitymizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legitymizowały	legitymizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
legitymizowały	legitymizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legitymizowałyście	legitymizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legitymizowałyśmy	legitymizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legitymizowana	legitymizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymizowaną	legitymizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanego	legitymizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanego	legitymizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanej	legitymizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymizowane	legitymizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizowane	legitymizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanemu	legitymizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowaniach	legitymizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowania	legitymizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowania	legitymizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowaniami	legitymizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanie	legitymizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowaniem	legitymizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowani	legitymizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymizowaniom	legitymizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowaniu	legitymizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowano	legitymizować	imps:imperf		
legitymizowanych	legitymizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanych	legitymizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizowany	legitymizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legitymizowany	legitymizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanymi	legitymizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanym	legitymizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizowanym	legitymizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizowań	legitymizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizująca	legitymizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymizującą	legitymizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legitymizującego	legitymizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legitymizującego	legitymizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizującej	legitymizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymizujące	legitymizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizujące	legitymizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizującemu	legitymizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizując	legitymizować	pcon:imperf		
legitymizująco	legitymizować	pacta		
legitymizujących	legitymizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymizujących	legitymizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizujący	legitymizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymizujący	legitymizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legitymizujący	legitymizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legitymizującymi	legitymizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizującym	legitymizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymizującym	legitymizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymizują	legitymizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
legitymizujcie	legitymizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
legitymizujecie	legitymizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
legitymizuje	legitymizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
legitymizujemy	legitymizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
legitymizujesz	legitymizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
legitymizuję	legitymizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
legitymizuj	legitymizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
legitymizujmy	legitymizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
legitymować	legitymować	inf:imperf		
legitymowaliby	legitymować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legitymowalibyście	legitymować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legitymowalibyśmy	legitymować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legitymowali	legitymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
legitymowali	legitymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legitymowaliście	legitymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legitymowaliśmy	legitymować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legitymowałaby	legitymować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legitymowałabym	legitymować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legitymowałabyś	legitymować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legitymowała	legitymować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
legitymowała	legitymować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legitymowałam	legitymować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legitymowałaś	legitymować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legitymowałby	legitymować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legitymowałbym	legitymować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legitymowałbyś	legitymować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legitymowałem	legitymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legitymowałeś	legitymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legitymował	legitymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
legitymował	legitymować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legitymowałoby	legitymować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legitymowałobym	legitymować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legitymowałobyś	legitymować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legitymowało	legitymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
legitymowało	legitymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legitymowałom	legitymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legitymowałoś	legitymować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legitymowałyby	legitymować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legitymowałybyście	legitymować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legitymowałybyśmy	legitymować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legitymowały	legitymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
legitymowały	legitymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legitymowałyście	legitymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legitymowałyśmy	legitymować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legitymowana	legitymować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymowaną	legitymować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legitymowanego	legitymować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legitymowanego	legitymować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowanej	legitymować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymowane	legitymować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymowane	legitymować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowanemu	legitymować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowaniach	legitymować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowania	legitymować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowania	legitymować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowaniami	legitymować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowanie	legitymować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowaniem	legitymować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowani	legitymować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymowaniom	legitymować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowaniu	legitymować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowano	legitymować	imps:imperf		
legitymowanych	legitymować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymowanych	legitymować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymowany	legitymować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legitymowany	legitymować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legitymowanymi	legitymować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymowanym	legitymować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymowanym	legitymować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymowań	legitymować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legitymująca	legitymować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymującą	legitymować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legitymującego	legitymować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legitymującego	legitymować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymującej	legitymować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legitymujące	legitymować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymujące	legitymować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymującemu	legitymować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymując	legitymować	pcon:imperf		
legitymująco	legitymować	pacta		
legitymujących	legitymować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymujących	legitymować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymujący	legitymować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legitymujący	legitymować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legitymujący	legitymować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legitymującymi	legitymować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymującym	legitymować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legitymującym	legitymować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legitymują	legitymować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
legitymujcie	legitymować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
legitymujecie	legitymować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
legitymuje	legitymować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
legitymujemy	legitymować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
legitymujesz	legitymować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
legitymuję	legitymować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
legitymuj	legitymować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
legitymujmy	legitymować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
legiwać	legiwać	inf:imperf		
legiwaliby	legiwać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legiwalibyście	legiwać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legiwalibyśmy	legiwać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legiwali	legiwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
legiwali	legiwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legiwaliście	legiwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legiwaliśmy	legiwać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legiwałaby	legiwać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legiwałabym	legiwać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legiwałabyś	legiwać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legiwała	legiwać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
legiwała	legiwać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legiwałam	legiwać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legiwałaś	legiwać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legiwałby	legiwać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legiwałbym	legiwać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legiwałbyś	legiwać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legiwałem	legiwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legiwałeś	legiwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legiwał	legiwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
legiwał	legiwać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legiwałoby	legiwać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legiwałobym	legiwać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legiwałobyś	legiwać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legiwało	legiwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
legiwało	legiwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legiwałom	legiwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legiwałoś	legiwać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legiwałyby	legiwać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legiwałybyście	legiwać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legiwałybyśmy	legiwać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legiwały	legiwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
legiwały	legiwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legiwałyście	legiwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legiwałyśmy	legiwać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legiwaniach	legiwać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwania	legiwać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwania	legiwać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwaniami	legiwać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwanie	legiwać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwaniem	legiwać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwaniom	legiwać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwaniu	legiwać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legiwano	legiwać	imps:imperf		
legiwań	legiwać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legująca	legiwać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legującą	legiwać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legującego	legiwać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legującego	legiwać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legującej	legiwać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legujące	legiwać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legujące	legiwać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legującemu	legiwać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legując	legiwać	pcon:imperf		
legująco	legiwać	pacta		
legujących	legiwać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legujących	legiwać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legujący	legiwać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legujący	legiwać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legujący	legiwać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legującymi	legiwać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legującym	legiwać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legującym	legiwać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legują	legiwać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
legujcie	legiwać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
legujecie	legiwać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leguje	legiwać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
legujemy	legiwać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
legujesz	legiwać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leguję	legiwać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leguj	legiwać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
legujmy	legiwać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
legieł	legło	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legle	legło	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ległach	legło	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legła	legło	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legła	legło	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legła	legło	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legła	legło	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ległami	legło	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ległem	legło	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legło	legło	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legło	legło	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legło	legło	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ległom	legło	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ległu	legło	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ległościach	ległość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległościami	ległość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległością	ległość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległości	ległość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległościom	ległość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległość	ległość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ległość	ległość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legli	legły:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
legła	legły:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ległą	legły:a1	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ległą	legły:a1	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ległego	legły:a1	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ległego	legły:a1	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ległej	legły:a1	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ległej	legły:a1	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ległej	legły:a1	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ległe	legły:a1	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ległe	legły:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ległe	legły:a1	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ległe	legły:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ległemu	legły:a1	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
legło	legły:a1	adja		daw.
ległych	legły:a1	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ległych	legły:a1	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ległych	legły:a1	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
legły	legły:a1	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
legły	legły:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ległymi	legły:a1	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ległym	legły:a1	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ległym	legły:a1	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ległym	legły:a1	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
legli	legły:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legła	legły:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ległą	legły:a2	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ległą	legły:a2	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ległego	legły:a2	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ległego	legły:a2	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ległej	legły:a2	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ległej	legły:a2	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ległej	legły:a2	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ległe	legły:a2	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ległe	legły:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ległe	legły:a2	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ległe	legły:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ległemu	legły:a2	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legło	legły:a2	adja		
ległych	legły:a2	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ległych	legły:a2	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ległych	legły:a2	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legły	legły:a2	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legły	legły:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ległymi	legły:a2	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ległym	legły:a2	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ległym	legły:a2	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ległym	legły:a2	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legnięciach	legnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięcia	legnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięcia	legnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciami	legnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
legnięcie	legnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciem	legnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciom	legnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
legnięciu	legnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
legnięć	legnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
legniccy	legnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
legnicka	legnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
legnicką	legnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
legnicką	legnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
legnickich	legnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
legnickich	legnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legnickich	legnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legnickiego	legnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
legnickiego	legnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legnickiej	legnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
legnickiej	legnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
legnickiej	legnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
legnickie	legnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legnickie	legnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
legnickie	legnicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
legnickie	legnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
legnickiemu	legnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legnicki	legnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
legnicki	legnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
legnickimi	legnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legnickim	legnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
legnickim	legnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legnickim	legnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
legnicko	legnicki	adja		
legnicku	legnicki	adjp		
legnicko	legnicko	adv:pos		
legnickościach	legnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickościami	legnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickością	legnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickości	legnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickościom	legnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickość	legnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legnickość	legnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lego	lego	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legominach	legomina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legomina	legomina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominami	legomina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominą	legomina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominę	legomina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominie	legomina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominie	legomina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legomin	legomina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legomino	legomina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominom	legomina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominy	legomina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominy	legomina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominy	legomina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legominy	legomina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
legować	legować	inf:imperf		
legowaliby	legować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legowalibyście	legować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legowalibyśmy	legować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legowali	legować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
legowali	legować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
legowaliście	legować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
legowaliśmy	legować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
legowałaby	legować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legowałabym	legować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legowałabyś	legować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legowała	legować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
legowała	legować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
legowałam	legować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
legowałaś	legować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
legowałby	legować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legowałbym	legować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legowałbyś	legować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legowałem	legować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
legowałeś	legować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
legował	legować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
legował	legować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
legowałoby	legować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legowałobym	legować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legowałobyś	legować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legowało	legować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
legowało	legować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
legowałom	legować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
legowałoś	legować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
legowałyby	legować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legowałybyście	legować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legowałybyśmy	legować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legowały	legować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
legowały	legować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
legowałyście	legować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
legowałyśmy	legować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
legowana	legować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legowaną	legować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legowanego	legować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legowanego	legować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legowanej	legować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legowane	legować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legowane	legować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legowanemu	legować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legowaniach	legować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legowania	legować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legowania	legować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legowaniami	legować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legowanie	legować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
legowaniem	legować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
legowani	legować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legowaniom	legować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
legowaniu	legować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
legowano	legować	imps:imperf		
legowanych	legować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legowanych	legować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legowany	legować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legowany	legować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legowanymi	legować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legowanym	legować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legowanym	legować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legowań	legować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
legująca	legować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
legującą	legować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
legującego	legować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
legującego	legować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legującej	legować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
legujące	legować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legujące	legować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legującemu	legować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legując	legować	pcon:imperf		
legująco	legować	pacta		
legujących	legować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legujących	legować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legujący	legować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
legujący	legować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
legujący	legować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
legującymi	legować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legującym	legować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
legującym	legować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
legują	legować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
legujcie	legować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
legujecie	legować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leguje	legować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
legujemy	legować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
legujesz	legować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leguję	legować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leguj	legować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
legujmy	legować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
legowiskach	legowisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowiska	legowisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowiska	legowisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowiska	legowisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowiska	legowisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowiskami	legowisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowiskiem	legowisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowisk	legowisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowisko	legowisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowisko	legowisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowisko	legowisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowiskom	legowisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowisku	legowisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legowisku	legowisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
legulejach	legulej	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleja	legulej	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleja	legulej	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legulejami	legulej	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleje	legulej	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleje	legulej	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleje	legulej	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleje	legulej	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legulejem	legulej	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legulej	legulej	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legulejom	legulej	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legulejowi	legulej	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legulejów	legulej	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
legulejów	legulej	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleju	legulej	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguleju	legulej	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leguminach	legumina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legumina	legumina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminami	legumina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminą	legumina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminę	legumina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminie	legumina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminie	legumina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
legumin	legumina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legumino	legumina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminom	legumina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminy	legumina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminy	legumina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminy	legumina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminy	legumina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
legumince	leguminka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legumince	leguminka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminek	leguminka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminkach	leguminka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminka	leguminka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminkami	leguminka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminką	leguminka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminkę	leguminka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminki	leguminka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminki	leguminka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminki	leguminka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminki	leguminka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminko	leguminka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguminkom	leguminka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
legunach	legun	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leguna	legun	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leguna	legun	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunami	legun	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunem	legun	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunie	legun	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunie	legun	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leguni	legun	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leguni	legun	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legun	legun	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunom	legun	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunowi	legun	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunów	legun	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
legunów	legun	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leguny	legun	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leguny	legun	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leguńscy	leguński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leguńska	leguński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leguńską	leguński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leguńską	leguński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leguńskich	leguński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leguńskich	leguński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leguńskich	leguński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leguńskiego	leguński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leguńskiego	leguński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leguńskiej	leguński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leguńskiej	leguński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leguńskiej	leguński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leguńskie	leguński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leguńskie	leguński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leguńskie	leguński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leguńskie	leguński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leguńskiemu	leguński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leguński	leguński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leguński	leguński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leguńskimi	leguński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leguńskim	leguński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leguńskim	leguński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leguńskim	leguński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leguńsko	leguński	adja		
leguńsku	leguński	adjp		
leguńsko	leguńsko	adv:pos		
leguńskościach	leguńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskościami	leguńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskością	leguńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskości	leguńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskościom	leguńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskość	leguńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leguńskość	leguńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
legwanach	legwan	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwana	legwan	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwana	legwan	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwanami	legwan	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwanem	legwan	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwanie	legwan	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwanie	legwan	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwan	legwan	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwanom	legwan	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwanowi	legwan	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwanów	legwan	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwany	legwan	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwany	legwan	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
legwany	legwan	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniach	leiszmania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmania	leiszmania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniami	leiszmania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanią	leiszmania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanie	leiszmania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanie	leiszmania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanie	leiszmania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanię	leiszmania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanii	leiszmania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leiszmanii	leiszmania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanii	leiszmania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanii	leiszmania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanij	leiszmania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leiszmanio	leiszmania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniom	leiszmania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozach	leiszmanioza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanioza	leiszmanioza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozami	leiszmanioza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozą	leiszmanioza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozę	leiszmanioza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozie	leiszmanioza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozie	leiszmanioza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmanioz	leiszmanioza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozo	leiszmanioza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozom	leiszmanioza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozy	leiszmanioza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozy	leiszmanioza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozy	leiszmanioza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiszmaniozy	leiszmanioza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leitmotivach	leitmotiv	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivami	leitmotiv	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivem	leitmotiv	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivie	leitmotiv	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivie	leitmotiv	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotiv	leitmotiv	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotiv	leitmotiv	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivom	leitmotiv	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivowi	leitmotiv	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivów	leitmotiv	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivu	leitmotiv	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivy	leitmotiv	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivy	leitmotiv	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leitmotivy	leitmotiv	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	muz.|lit.
leiwach	leiwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwa	leiwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwa	leiwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwa	leiwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwa	leiwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwami	leiwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwem	leiwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwie	leiwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiw	leiwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwo	leiwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwo	leiwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwo	leiwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwom	leiwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiwu	leiwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leiznach	leizna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizna	leizna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiznami	leizna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizną	leizna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiznę	leizna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizn	leizna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizno	leizna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiznom	leizna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizny	leizna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizny	leizna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizny	leizna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leizny	leizna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiźnie	leizna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leiźnie	leizna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lei	leja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lei	leja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lei	leja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lei	leja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lejach	leja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
leja	leja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lejami	leja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
leją	leja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
leje	leja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
leje	leja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
leje	leja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
leję	leja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lejo	leja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lejom	leja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	monet.
lejarniach	lejarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarnia	lejarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarniami	lejarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarnią	lejarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarnie	lejarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarnie	lejarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarnie	lejarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarnię	lejarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarni	lejarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lejarni	lejarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarni	lejarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarni	lejarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarnio	lejarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarniom	lejarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejarń	lejarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lejarzach	lejarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzach	lejarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarza	lejarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarza	lejarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarza	lejarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarza	lejarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzami	lejarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzami	lejarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarze	lejarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejarze	lejarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarze	lejarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejarze	lejarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarze	lejarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarze	lejarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarze	lejarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarze	lejarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzem	lejarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzem	lejarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarz	lejarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarz	lejarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzom	lejarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzom	lejarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzowi	lejarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzowi	lejarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzów	lejarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzów	lejarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzu	lejarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzu	lejarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzu	lejarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzu	lejarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejarzy	lejarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejarzy	lejarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbach	lejba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejba	lejba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbami	lejba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbą	lejba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbę	lejba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbie	lejba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbie	lejba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejb	lejba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbo	lejba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbom	lejba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejby	lejba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejby	lejba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejby	lejba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejby	lejba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lejbchirurdzy	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurdzy	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgach	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurga	lejbchirurg	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurga	lejbchirurg	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgami	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgiem	lejbchirurg	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgi	lejbchirurg	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgi	lejbchirurg	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurg	lejbchirurg	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgom	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgowie	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgowie	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgowi	lejbchirurg	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgów	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgów	lejbchirurg	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgu	lejbchirurg	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbchirurgu	lejbchirurg	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardiach	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardia	lejbgwardia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardiami	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardią	lejbgwardia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardie	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardie	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardie	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardię	lejbgwardia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardii	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lejbgwardii	lejbgwardia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardii	lejbgwardia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardii	lejbgwardia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardio	lejbgwardia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardiom	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardyj	lejbgwardia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lejbgwardzistach	lejbgwardzista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzista	lejbgwardzista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzistami	lejbgwardzista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzistą	lejbgwardzista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzistę	lejbgwardzista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzisto	lejbgwardzista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzistom	lejbgwardzista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzistów	lejbgwardzista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzistów	lejbgwardzista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzisty	lejbgwardzista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzisty	lejbgwardzista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardzisty	lejbgwardzista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardziście	lejbgwardzista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardziście	lejbgwardzista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardziści	lejbgwardzista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbgwardziści	lejbgwardzista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejbikach	lejbik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbika	lejbik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbikami	lejbik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbikiem	lejbik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbiki	lejbik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbiki	lejbik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbiki	lejbik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbik	lejbik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbik	lejbik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbikom	lejbik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbikowi	lejbik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbików	lejbik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbiku	lejbik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejbiku	lejbik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcach	lejc	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejca	lejc	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcami	lejc	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejce	lejc	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejce	lejc	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejce	lejc	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcem	lejc	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejc	lejc	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejc	lejc	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcom	lejc	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowi	lejc	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejców	lejc	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcu	lejc	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcu	lejc	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcy	lejc	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowościach	lejcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowościami	lejcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowością	lejcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowości	lejcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowościom	lejcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowość	lejcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowość	lejcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejcowa	lejcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejcową	lejcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejcową	lejcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejcowego	lejcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejcowego	lejcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejcowej	lejcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejcowej	lejcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejcowej	lejcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejcowe	lejcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejcowe	lejcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejcowe	lejcowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejcowe	lejcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejcowemu	lejcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejcowi	lejcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejcowo	lejcowy	adja		
lejcowych	lejcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejcowych	lejcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejcowych	lejcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejcowy	lejcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejcowy	lejcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejcowymi	lejcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejcowym	lejcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejcowym	lejcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejcowym	lejcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejdejscy	lejdejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejdejska	lejdejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejdejską	lejdejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejdejską	lejdejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejdejskich	lejdejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejdejskich	lejdejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejdejskich	lejdejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejdejskiego	lejdejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejdejskiego	lejdejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejdejskiej	lejdejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejdejskiej	lejdejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejdejskiej	lejdejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejdejskie	lejdejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejdejskie	lejdejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejdejskie	lejdejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejdejskie	lejdejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejdejskiemu	lejdejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejdejski	lejdejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejdejski	lejdejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejdejskimi	lejdejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejdejskim	lejdejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejdejskim	lejdejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejdejskim	lejdejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejdejsko	lejdejski	adja		
lejdejsku	lejdejski	adjp		
lejdejsko	lejdejsko	adv:pos		
lejdejskościach	lejdejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskościami	lejdejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskością	lejdejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskości	lejdejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskościom	lejdejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskość	lejdejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejdejskość	lejdejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczek	lejeczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczek	lejeczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczkach	lejeczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczka	lejeczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczkami	lejeczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczkiem	lejeczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczki	lejeczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczki	lejeczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczki	lejeczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczkom	lejeczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczkowi	lejeczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczków	lejeczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczku	lejeczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejeczku	lejeczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejek	lejek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejek	lejek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejkach	lejek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejka	lejek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejkami	lejek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejkiem	lejek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejki	lejek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejki	lejek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejki	lejek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejkom	lejek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowi	lejek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejków	lejek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejku	lejek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejku	lejek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejce	lejka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejce	lejka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejek	lejka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkach	lejka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejka	lejka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkami	lejka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejką	lejka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkę	lejka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejki	lejka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejki	lejka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejki	lejka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejki	lejka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejko	lejka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkom	lejka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzach	lejkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzach	lejkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarza	lejkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarza	lejkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarza	lejkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarza	lejkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzami	lejkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzami	lejkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarze	lejkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarze	lejkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarze	lejkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarze	lejkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarze	lejkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarze	lejkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarze	lejkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarze	lejkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzem	lejkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzem	lejkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarz	lejkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarz	lejkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzom	lejkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzom	lejkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzowi	lejkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzowi	lejkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzów	lejkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzów	lejkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzu	lejkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzu	lejkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzu	lejkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzu	lejkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lejkarzy	lejkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkarzy	lejkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowato	lejkowato	adv:pos		
lejkowatościach	lejkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatościami	lejkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatością	lejkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatości	lejkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatościom	lejkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatość	lejkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowatość	lejkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowaci	lejkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejkowata	lejkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejkowatą	lejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejkowatą	lejkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejkowatego	lejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejkowatego	lejkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkowatej	lejkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejkowatej	lejkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejkowatej	lejkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejkowate	lejkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowate	lejkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowate	lejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejkowate	lejkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejkowatemu	lejkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkowato	lejkowaty	adja		
lejkowatych	lejkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejkowatych	lejkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowatych	lejkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowaty	lejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejkowaty	lejkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejkowatymi	lejkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowatym	lejkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowatym	lejkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkowatym	lejkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkowcach	lejkowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowca	lejkowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowca	lejkowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowcami	lejkowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowce	lejkowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowce	lejkowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowce	lejkowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowcem	lejkowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowcom	lejkowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowcowi	lejkowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowców	lejkowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowcu	lejkowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowcu	lejkowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowiec	lejkowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowościach	lejkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowościami	lejkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowością	lejkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowości	lejkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowościom	lejkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowość	lejkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowość	lejkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkowa	lejkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejkową	lejkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejkową	lejkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejkowego	lejkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejkowego	lejkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkowej	lejkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejkowej	lejkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejkowej	lejkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejkowe	lejkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowe	lejkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowe	lejkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejkowe	lejkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejkowemu	lejkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkowi	lejkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejkowo	lejkowy	adja		
lejkowych	lejkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejkowych	lejkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowych	lejkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowy	lejkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejkowy	lejkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejkowymi	lejkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowym	lejkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejkowym	lejkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkowym	lejkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejkówce	lejkówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówce	lejkówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówek	lejkówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówkach	lejkówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówka	lejkówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówkami	lejkówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówką	lejkówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówkę	lejkówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówki	lejkówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówki	lejkówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówki	lejkówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówki	lejkówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówko	lejkówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejkówkom	lejkówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniach	lejnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnia	lejnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniami	lejnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnią	lejnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnie	lejnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnie	lejnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnie	lejnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnię	lejnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejni	lejnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejni	lejnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejni	lejnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejni	lejnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnio	lejnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniom	lejnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnictwach	lejnictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwa	lejnictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwa	lejnictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwa	lejnictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwa	lejnictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwami	lejnictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwem	lejnictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwie	lejnictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictw	lejnictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwo	lejnictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwo	lejnictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwo	lejnictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwom	lejnictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejnictwu	lejnictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lejniczościach	lejniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczościami	lejniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczością	lejniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczości	lejniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczościom	lejniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczość	lejniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejniczość	lejniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnicza	lejniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejniczą	lejniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejniczą	lejniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejniczego	lejniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejniczego	lejniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejniczej	lejniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejniczej	lejniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejniczej	lejniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejnicze	lejniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejnicze	lejniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejnicze	lejniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejnicze	lejniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejniczemu	lejniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejniczo	lejniczy	adja		
lejniczych	lejniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejniczych	lejniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejniczych	lejniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejniczy	lejniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejniczy	lejniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejniczy	lejniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejniczymi	lejniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejniczym	lejniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejniczym	lejniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejniczym	lejniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejnościach	lejność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnościami	lejność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnością	lejność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejności	lejność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejnościom	lejność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejność	lejność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejność	lejność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejna	lejny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejną	lejny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejną	lejny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejnego	lejny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejnego	lejny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejnej	lejny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejnej	lejny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejnej	lejny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejne	lejny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejne	lejny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejne	lejny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejne	lejny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejnemu	lejny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejni	lejny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejno	lejny	adja		
lejnych	lejny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejnych	lejny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejnych	lejny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejny	lejny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejny	lejny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejnymi	lejny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejnym	lejny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejnym	lejny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejnym	lejny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowato	lejowato	adv:pos		
lejowatościach	lejowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatościami	lejowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatością	lejowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatości	lejowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatościom	lejowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatość	lejowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowatość	lejowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowaci	lejowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejowata	lejowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejowatą	lejowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejowatą	lejowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejowatego	lejowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejowatego	lejowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowatej	lejowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejowatej	lejowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejowatej	lejowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejowate	lejowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejowate	lejowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejowate	lejowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejowate	lejowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejowatemu	lejowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowato	lejowaty	adja		
lejowatych	lejowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejowatych	lejowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowatych	lejowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowaty	lejowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejowaty	lejowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejowatymi	lejowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowatym	lejowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowatym	lejowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowatym	lejowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowościach	lejowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowościami	lejowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowością	lejowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowości	lejowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowościom	lejowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowość	lejowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowość	lejowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lejowa	lejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lejową	lejowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lejową	lejowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lejowego	lejowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lejowego	lejowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowej	lejowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lejowej	lejowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lejowej	lejowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lejowe	lejowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejowe	lejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lejowe	lejowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lejowe	lejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lejowemu	lejowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowi	lejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lejowo	lejowy	adja		
lejowych	lejowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lejowych	lejowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowych	lejowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowy	lejowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lejowy	lejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lejowymi	lejowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowym	lejowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lejowym	lejowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejowym	lejowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lejach	lej:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leja	lej:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejami	lej:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leje	lej:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leje	lej:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leje	lej:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejem	lej:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lej	lej:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lej	lej:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejom	lej:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejowi	lej:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejów	lej:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leju	lej:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leju	lej:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lei	lej:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejach	lej:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leja	lej:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leja	lej:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejami	lej:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leje	lej:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leje	lej:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leje	lej:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejem	lej:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lej	lej:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejom	lej:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejowi	lej:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leju	lej:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leju	lej:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywach	lejtmotyw	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywami	lejtmotyw	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywem	lejtmotyw	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywie	lejtmotyw	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywie	lejtmotyw	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotyw	lejtmotyw	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotyw	lejtmotyw	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywom	lejtmotyw	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywowi	lejtmotyw	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywów	lejtmotyw	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywu	lejtmotyw	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywy	lejtmotyw	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywy	lejtmotyw	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtmotywy	lejtmotyw	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnancie	lejtnant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnancie	lejtnant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnanci	lejtnant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnanci	lejtnant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnantach	lejtnant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnanta	lejtnant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnanta	lejtnant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnantami	lejtnant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnantem	lejtnant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnant	lejtnant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnantom	lejtnant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnantowi	lejtnant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnantów	lejtnant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnantów	lejtnant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnanty	lejtnant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lejtnanty	lejtnant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczykach	lekarczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyka	lekarczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyka	lekarczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczykami	lekarczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczykiem	lekarczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyki	lekarczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyki	lekarczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyk	lekarczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczykom	lekarczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczykowie	lekarczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczykowie	lekarczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczykowi	lekarczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyków	lekarczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyków	lekarczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyku	lekarczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarczyku	lekarczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarce	lekarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarce	lekarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarek	lekarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarkach	lekarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarka	lekarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarkami	lekarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarką	lekarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarkę	lekarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarki	lekarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarki	lekarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarki	lekarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarki	lekarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarko	lekarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarkom	lekarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarnicy	lekarnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnicy	lekarnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnikach	lekarnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnika	lekarnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnika	lekarnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnikami	lekarnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnikiem	lekarnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarniki	lekarnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarniki	lekarnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnik	lekarnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnikom	lekarnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarnikowi	lekarnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarników	lekarnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarników	lekarnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarniku	lekarnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarniku	lekarnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekarscy	lekarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekarska	lekarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekarską	lekarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekarską	lekarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekarskich	lekarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekarskich	lekarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarskich	lekarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarskiego	lekarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekarskiego	lekarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarskiej	lekarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekarskiej	lekarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekarskiej	lekarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekarskie	lekarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekarskie	lekarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekarskie	lekarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekarskie	lekarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekarskiemu	lekarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarski	lekarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekarski	lekarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekarskimi	lekarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarskim	lekarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarskim	lekarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarskim	lekarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarsko	lekarski	adja		
lekarsku	lekarski	adjp		
lekarsko	lekarsko	adv:pos		
lekarskościach	lekarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskościami	lekarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskością	lekarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskości	lekarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskościom	lekarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskość	lekarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarskość	lekarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianościach	lekarstwianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianościami	lekarstwianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianością	lekarstwianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianości	lekarstwianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianościom	lekarstwianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianość	lekarstwianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwianość	lekarstwianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwiana	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekarstwianą	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekarstwianą	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekarstwianego	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekarstwianego	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarstwianej	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekarstwianej	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekarstwianej	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekarstwiane	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekarstwiane	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekarstwiane	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekarstwiane	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekarstwianemu	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarstwiani	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekarstwiano	lekarstwiany	adja		
lekarstwianych	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekarstwianych	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarstwianych	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarstwiany	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekarstwiany	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekarstwianymi	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarstwianym	lekarstwiany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekarstwianym	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarstwianym	lekarstwiany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekarstwach	lekarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwa	lekarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwa	lekarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwa	lekarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwa	lekarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwami	lekarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwem	lekarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwie	lekarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstw	lekarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwo	lekarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwo	lekarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwo	lekarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwom	lekarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarstwu	lekarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzach	lekarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzach	lekarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarza	lekarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarza	lekarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarza	lekarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarza	lekarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzami	lekarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzami	lekarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarze	lekarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarze	lekarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarze	lekarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarze	lekarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarze	lekarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarze	lekarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarze	lekarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarze	lekarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzem	lekarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzem	lekarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarz	lekarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarz	lekarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzom	lekarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzom	lekarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzowi	lekarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzowi	lekarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzów	lekarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzów	lekarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzu	lekarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzu	lekarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzu	lekarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzu	lekarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekarzy	lekarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzy	lekarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówce	lekarzówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówce	lekarzówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówek	lekarzówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówkach	lekarzówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówka	lekarzówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówkami	lekarzówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówką	lekarzówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówkę	lekarzówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówki	lekarzówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówki	lekarzówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówki	lekarzówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówki	lekarzówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówko	lekarzówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzówkom	lekarzówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzykach	lekarzyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyka	lekarzyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyka	lekarzyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzykami	lekarzyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzykiem	lekarzyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyki	lekarzyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyki	lekarzyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyk	lekarzyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzykom	lekarzyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzykowie	lekarzyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzykowie	lekarzyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzykowi	lekarzyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyków	lekarzyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyków	lekarzyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyku	lekarzyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyku	lekarzyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynach	lekarzyna	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyna	lekarzyna	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynami	lekarzyna	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyną	lekarzyna	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynę	lekarzyna	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynie	lekarzyna	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynie	lekarzyna	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyni	lekarzyna	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyni	lekarzyna	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyno	lekarzyna	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynom	lekarzyna	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynów	lekarzyna	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzynów	lekarzyna	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyny	lekarzyna	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyny	lekarzyna	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekarzyny	lekarzyna	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekce	lekce	adv:pos		przest.
lżej	lekce	adv:com		
lekceważąco	lekceważąco	adv:pos		
lekceważąca	lekceważący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekceważącą	lekceważący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekceważącą	lekceważący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekceważącego	lekceważący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekceważącego	lekceważący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekceważącej	lekceważący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekceważącej	lekceważący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekceważącej	lekceważący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekceważące	lekceważący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekceważące	lekceważący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekceważące	lekceważący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekceważące	lekceważący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekceważącemu	lekceważący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekceważąco	lekceważący	adja		
lekceważących	lekceważący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekceważących	lekceważący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekceważących	lekceważący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekceważący	lekceważący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekceważący	lekceważący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekceważący	lekceważący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekceważącymi	lekceważący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekceważącym	lekceważący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekceważącym	lekceważący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekceważącym	lekceważący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekceważeniach	lekceważenie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważenia	lekceważenie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważenia	lekceważenie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważenia	lekceważenie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważenia	lekceważenie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważeniami	lekceważenie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważenie	lekceważenie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważenie	lekceważenie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważenie	lekceważenie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważeniem	lekceważenie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważeniom	lekceważenie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważeniu	lekceważenie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważeniu	lekceważenie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważeń	lekceważenie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekceważąca	lekceważyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lekceważącą	lekceważyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lekceważącego	lekceważyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lekceważącego	lekceważyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważącej	lekceważyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lekceważące	lekceważyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważące	lekceważyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważącemu	lekceważyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważąc	lekceważyć	pcon:imperf		
lekceważąco	lekceważyć	pacta		
lekceważących	lekceważyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lekceważących	lekceważyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważący	lekceważyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lekceważący	lekceważyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lekceważący	lekceważyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lekceważącymi	lekceważyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważącym	lekceważyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważącym	lekceważyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważą	lekceważyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lekceważcie	lekceważyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lekceważeniach	lekceważyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważenia	lekceważyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważenia	lekceważyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważeniami	lekceważyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważenie	lekceważyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważeniem	lekceważyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważeni	lekceważyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lekceważeniom	lekceważyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważeniu	lekceważyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważeń	lekceważyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważę	lekceważyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lekceważ	lekceważyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lekceważmy	lekceważyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lekceważona	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lekceważoną	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lekceważonego	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lekceważonego	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważonej	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lekceważone	lekceważyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważone	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważonemu	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważono	lekceważyć	imps:imperf		
lekceważonych	lekceważyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lekceważonych	lekceważyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważony	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lekceważony	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lekceważonymi	lekceważyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważonym	lekceważyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lekceważonym	lekceważyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lekceważycie	lekceważyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lekceważyć	lekceważyć	inf:imperf		
lekceważy	lekceważyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lekceważyliby	lekceważyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lekceważylibyście	lekceważyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lekceważylibyśmy	lekceważyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lekceważyli	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lekceważyli	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lekceważyliście	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lekceważyliśmy	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lekceważyłaby	lekceważyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłabym	lekceważyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lekceważyłabyś	lekceważyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lekceważyła	lekceważyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lekceważyła	lekceważyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłam	lekceważyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lekceważyłaś	lekceważyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lekceważyłby	lekceważyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłbym	lekceważyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lekceważyłbyś	lekceważyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lekceważyłem	lekceważyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lekceważyłeś	lekceważyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lekceważył	lekceważyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lekceważył	lekceważyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłoby	lekceważyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłobym	lekceważyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lekceważyłobyś	lekceważyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lekceważyło	lekceważyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lekceważyło	lekceważyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłom	lekceważyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lekceważyłoś	lekceważyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lekceważyłyby	lekceważyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłybyście	lekceważyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lekceważyłybyśmy	lekceważyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lekceważyły	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lekceważyły	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lekceważyłyście	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lekceważyłyśmy	lekceważyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lekceważymy	lekceważyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lekceważysz	lekceważyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lekcjach	lekcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcja	lekcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjami	lekcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcją	lekcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcje	lekcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcje	lekcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcje	lekcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcję	lekcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcji	lekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lekcji	lekcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcji	lekcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcji	lekcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjo	lekcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjom	lekcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyj	lekcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lekcjonarzach	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarzach	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarza	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarza	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzami	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarzami	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarze	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarze	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarze	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarze	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarze	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarze	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzem	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarzem	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarz	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarz	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarz	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarz	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzom	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarzom	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzowi	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarzowi	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzów	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzu	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarzu	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzu	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcjonarzu	lekcjonarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekcjonarzy	lekcjonarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjce	lekcyjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjce	lekcyjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjek	lekcyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjkach	lekcyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjka	lekcyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjkami	lekcyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjką	lekcyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjkę	lekcyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjki	lekcyjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjki	lekcyjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjki	lekcyjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjki	lekcyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjko	lekcyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjkom	lekcyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjnościach	lekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjnościami	lekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjnością	lekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjności	lekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjnościom	lekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjność	lekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjność	lekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekcyjna	lekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekcyjną	lekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekcyjną	lekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekcyjnego	lekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekcyjnego	lekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekcyjnej	lekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekcyjnej	lekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekcyjnej	lekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekcyjne	lekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekcyjne	lekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekcyjne	lekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekcyjne	lekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekcyjnemu	lekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekcyjni	lekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekcyjno	lekcyjny	adja		
lekcyjnych	lekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekcyjnych	lekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekcyjnych	lekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekcyjny	lekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekcyjny	lekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekcyjnymi	lekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekcyjnym	lekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekcyjnym	lekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekcyjnym	lekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekcy	lekki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekka	lekki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekką	lekki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekką	lekki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkich	lekki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkich	lekki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkich	lekki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkiego	lekki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkiego	lekki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkiej	lekki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkiej	lekki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkiej	lekki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkie	lekki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkie	lekki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkie	lekki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkie	lekki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkiemu	lekki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekki	lekki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekki	lekki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkimi	lekki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkim	lekki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkim	lekki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkim	lekki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekko	lekki	adja		
lżejsi	lekki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lżejsza	lekki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lżejszą	lekki	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lżejszą	lekki	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lżejszego	lekki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lżejszego	lekki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lżejszej	lekki	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lżejszej	lekki	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lżejszej	lekki	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lżejsze	lekki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lżejsze	lekki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lżejsze	lekki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lżejsze	lekki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lżejszemu	lekki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lżejszych	lekki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lżejszych	lekki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lżejszych	lekki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lżejszy	lekki	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lżejszy	lekki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lżejszymi	lekki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lżejszym	lekki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lżejszym	lekki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lżejszym	lekki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lekko	lekko	adv:pos		
lżej	lekko	adv:com		
lekkoatlecie	lekkoatleta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatlecie	lekkoatleta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatleci	lekkoatleta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatleci	lekkoatleta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletach	lekkoatleta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatleta	lekkoatleta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletami	lekkoatleta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletą	lekkoatleta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletę	lekkoatleta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatleto	lekkoatleta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletom	lekkoatleta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletów	lekkoatleta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletów	lekkoatleta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatlety	lekkoatleta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatlety	lekkoatleta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatlety	lekkoatleta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletce	lekkoatletka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletce	lekkoatletka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletek	lekkoatletka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletkach	lekkoatletka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletka	lekkoatletka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletkami	lekkoatletka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletką	lekkoatletka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletkę	lekkoatletka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletki	lekkoatletka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletki	lekkoatletka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletki	lekkoatletka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletki	lekkoatletka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletko	lekkoatletka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletkom	lekkoatletka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletycznościach	lekkoatletyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletycznościami	lekkoatletyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletycznością	lekkoatletyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczności	lekkoatletyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletycznościom	lekkoatletyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczność	lekkoatletyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczność	lekkoatletyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyczna	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkoatletyczną	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkoatletyczną	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkoatletycznego	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkoatletycznego	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkoatletycznej	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkoatletycznej	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkoatletycznej	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkoatletyczne	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoatletyczne	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoatletyczne	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkoatletyczne	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkoatletycznemu	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkoatletyczni	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkoatletyczno	lekkoatletyczny	adja		
lekkoatletycznych	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkoatletycznych	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoatletycznych	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoatletyczny	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkoatletyczny	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkoatletycznymi	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoatletycznym	lekkoatletyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoatletycznym	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkoatletycznym	lekkoatletyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkoatletyce	lekkoatletyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyce	lekkoatletyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletykach	lekkoatletyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyka	lekkoatletyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletykami	lekkoatletyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyką	lekkoatletyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletykę	lekkoatletyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyki	lekkoatletyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyki	lekkoatletyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyki	lekkoatletyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyki	lekkoatletyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyk	lekkoatletyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletyko	lekkoatletyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoatletykom	lekkoatletyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężcy	lekkociężki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkociężka	lekkociężki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkociężką	lekkociężki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkociężką	lekkociężki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkociężkich	lekkociężki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkociężkich	lekkociężki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkociężkich	lekkociężki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkociężkiego	lekkociężki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkociężkiego	lekkociężki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkociężkiej	lekkociężki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkociężkiej	lekkociężki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkociężkiej	lekkociężki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkociężkie	lekkociężki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkociężkie	lekkociężki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkociężkie	lekkociężki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkociężkie	lekkociężki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkociężkiemu	lekkociężki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkociężki	lekkociężki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkociężki	lekkociężki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkociężkimi	lekkociężki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkociężkim	lekkociężki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkociężkim	lekkociężki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkociężkim	lekkociężki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkociężko	lekkociężki	adja		
lekkociężkościach	lekkociężkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkościami	lekkociężkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkością	lekkociężkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkości	lekkociężkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkościom	lekkociężkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkość	lekkociężkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkociężkość	lekkociężkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchach	lekkoduch	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoducha	lekkoduch	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoducha	lekkoduch	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchami	lekkoduch	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchem	lekkoduch	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduch	lekkoduch	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchom	lekkoduch	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchowie	lekkoduch	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchowie	lekkoduch	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchowi	lekkoduch	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchów	lekkoduch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchów	lekkoduch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchu	lekkoduch	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchu	lekkoduch	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchy	lekkoduch	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchy	lekkoduch	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwach	lekkoduchostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwa	lekkoduchostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwa	lekkoduchostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwa	lekkoduchostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwa	lekkoduchostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwami	lekkoduchostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwem	lekkoduchostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwie	lekkoduchostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostw	lekkoduchostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwo	lekkoduchostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwo	lekkoduchostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwo	lekkoduchostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwom	lekkoduchostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduchostwu	lekkoduchostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekkodusznie	lekkodusznie	adv:pos		
lekkodusznościach	lekkoduszność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkodusznościami	lekkoduszność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkodusznością	lekkoduszność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszności	lekkoduszność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkodusznościom	lekkoduszność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszność	lekkoduszność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszność	lekkoduszność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkoduszna	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkoduszną	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkoduszną	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkodusznego	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkodusznego	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkodusznej	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkodusznej	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkodusznej	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkoduszne	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoduszne	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoduszne	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkoduszne	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkodusznemu	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkoduszni	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkoduszno	lekkoduszny	adja		
lekkodusznych	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkodusznych	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkodusznych	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkoduszny	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkoduszny	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkodusznymi	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkodusznym	lekkoduszny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkodusznym	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkodusznym	lekkoduszny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkokonnościach	lekkokonność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonnościami	lekkokonność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonnością	lekkokonność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonności	lekkokonność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonnościom	lekkokonność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonność	lekkokonność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonność	lekkokonność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkokonna	lekkokonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkokonną	lekkokonny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkokonną	lekkokonny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkokonnego	lekkokonny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkokonnego	lekkokonny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkokonnej	lekkokonny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkokonnej	lekkokonny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkokonnej	lekkokonny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkokonne	lekkokonny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkokonne	lekkokonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkokonne	lekkokonny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkokonne	lekkokonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkokonnemu	lekkokonny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkokonni	lekkokonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkokonno	lekkokonny	adja		
lekkokonnych	lekkokonny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkokonnych	lekkokonny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkokonnych	lekkokonny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkokonny	lekkokonny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkokonny	lekkokonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkokonnymi	lekkokonny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkokonnym	lekkokonny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkokonnym	lekkokonny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkokonnym	lekkokonny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkomyślcach	lekkomyślec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślca	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślca	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcami	lekkomyślec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślce	lekkomyślec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślce	lekkomyślec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcem	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcom	lekkomyślec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcowi	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślców	lekkomyślec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślców	lekkomyślec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcu	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcu	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcy	lekkomyślec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcy	lekkomyślec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślcze	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślec	lekkomyślec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkomyślnicach	lekkomyślnica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnica	lekkomyślnica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnicami	lekkomyślnica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnicą	lekkomyślnica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnice	lekkomyślnica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnice	lekkomyślnica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnice	lekkomyślnica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnicę	lekkomyślnica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnic	lekkomyślnica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnico	lekkomyślnica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnicom	lekkomyślnica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnicy	lekkomyślnica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnicy	lekkomyślnica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnicy	lekkomyślnica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślniej	lekkomyślnie	adv:com		
lekkomyślnie	lekkomyślnie	adv:pos		
lekkomyślnicy	lekkomyślnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnicy	lekkomyślnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnikach	lekkomyślnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnika	lekkomyślnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnika	lekkomyślnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnikami	lekkomyślnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnikiem	lekkomyślnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślniki	lekkomyślnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślniki	lekkomyślnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnik	lekkomyślnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnikom	lekkomyślnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnikowi	lekkomyślnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślników	lekkomyślnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślników	lekkomyślnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślniku	lekkomyślnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślniku	lekkomyślnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lekkomyślnościach	lekkomyślność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnościami	lekkomyślność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnością	lekkomyślność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślności	lekkomyślność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślnościom	lekkomyślność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślność	lekkomyślność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślność	lekkomyślność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkomyślna	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkomyślną	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkomyślną	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkomyślnego	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkomyślnego	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkomyślnej	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkomyślnej	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkomyślnej	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkomyślne	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkomyślne	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkomyślne	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkomyślne	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkomyślnemu	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkomyślniejsi	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lekkomyślniejsza	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lekkomyślniejszą	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lekkomyślniejszą	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lekkomyślniejszego	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lekkomyślniejszego	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lekkomyślniejszej	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lekkomyślniejszej	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lekkomyślniejszej	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lekkomyślniejsze	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lekkomyślniejsze	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lekkomyślniejsze	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lekkomyślniejsze	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lekkomyślniejszemu	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lekkomyślniejszych	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lekkomyślniejszych	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lekkomyślniejszych	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lekkomyślniejszy	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lekkomyślniejszy	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lekkomyślniejszymi	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lekkomyślniejszym	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lekkomyślniejszym	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lekkomyślniejszym	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lekkomyślni	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkomyślno	lekkomyślny	adja		
lekkomyślnych	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkomyślnych	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkomyślnych	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkomyślny	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkomyślny	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkomyślnymi	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkomyślnym	lekkomyślny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkomyślnym	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkomyślnym	lekkomyślny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonodzy	lekkonogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkonoga	lekkonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkonogą	lekkonogi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkonogą	lekkonogi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkonogich	lekkonogi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkonogich	lekkonogi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonogich	lekkonogi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonogiego	lekkonogi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkonogiego	lekkonogi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonogiej	lekkonogi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkonogiej	lekkonogi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkonogiej	lekkonogi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkonogie	lekkonogi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonogie	lekkonogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonogie	lekkonogi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkonogie	lekkonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkonogiemu	lekkonogi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonogi	lekkonogi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkonogi	lekkonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkonogimi	lekkonogi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonogim	lekkonogi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonogim	lekkonogi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonogim	lekkonogi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonogo	lekkonogi	adja		
lekkonogościach	lekkonogość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogościami	lekkonogość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogością	lekkonogość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogości	lekkonogość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogościom	lekkonogość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogość	lekkonogość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonogość	lekkonogość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośnościach	lekkonośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośnościami	lekkonośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośnością	lekkonośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośności	lekkonośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośnościom	lekkonośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośność	lekkonośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośność	lekkonośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkonośna	lekkonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkonośną	lekkonośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkonośną	lekkonośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkonośnego	lekkonośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkonośnego	lekkonośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonośnej	lekkonośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkonośnej	lekkonośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkonośnej	lekkonośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkonośne	lekkonośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonośne	lekkonośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonośne	lekkonośny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkonośne	lekkonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkonośnemu	lekkonośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonośni	lekkonośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkonośno	lekkonośny	adja		
lekkonośnych	lekkonośny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkonośnych	lekkonośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonośnych	lekkonośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonośny	lekkonośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkonośny	lekkonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkonośnymi	lekkonośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonośnym	lekkonośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkonośnym	lekkonośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkonośnym	lekkonośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkopółśrednia	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkopółśrednią	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkopółśrednią	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkopółśrednich	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkopółśrednich	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkopółśrednich	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkopółśredniego	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkopółśredniego	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkopółśredniej	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkopółśredniej	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkopółśredniej	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkopółśrednie	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkopółśrednie	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkopółśrednie	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkopółśrednie	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkopółśredniemu	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkopółśredni	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkopółśredni	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkopółśredni	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkopółśrednimi	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkopółśrednim	lekkopółśredni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkopółśrednim	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkopółśrednim	lekkopółśredni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkopółśrednio	lekkopółśredni	adja		
lekkopółśredniościach	lekkopółśredniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniościami	lekkopółśredniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniością	lekkopółśredniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniości	lekkopółśredniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniościom	lekkopółśredniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniość	lekkopółśredniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkopółśredniość	lekkopółśredniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowościach	lekkostopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowościami	lekkostopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowością	lekkostopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowości	lekkostopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowościom	lekkostopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowość	lekkostopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowość	lekkostopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostopowa	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkostopową	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkostopową	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkostopowego	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkostopowego	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkostopowej	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkostopowej	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkostopowej	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkostopowe	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostopowe	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostopowe	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkostopowe	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkostopowemu	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkostopowi	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkostopowo	lekkostopowy	adja		
lekkostopowych	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkostopowych	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostopowych	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostopowy	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkostopowy	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkostopowymi	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostopowym	lekkostopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostopowym	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkostopowym	lekkostopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkostopa	lekkostopy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		rzad.
lekkostopą	lekkostopy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		rzad.
lekkostopą	lekkostopy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		rzad.
lekkostopego	lekkostopy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		rzad.
lekkostopego	lekkostopy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lekkostopej	lekkostopy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		rzad.
lekkostopej	lekkostopy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		rzad.
lekkostopej	lekkostopy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		rzad.
lekkostope	lekkostopy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lekkostope	lekkostopy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lekkostope	lekkostopy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lekkostope	lekkostopy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lekkostopemu	lekkostopy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lekkostopi	lekkostopy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
lekkostopo	lekkostopy	adja		rzad.
lekkostopych	lekkostopy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
lekkostopych	lekkostopy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lekkostopych	lekkostopy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lekkostopy	lekkostopy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		rzad.
lekkostopy	lekkostopy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		rzad.
lekkostopymi	lekkostopy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lekkostopym	lekkostopy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lekkostopym	lekkostopy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lekkostopym	lekkostopy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lekkostrawnie	lekkostrawnie	adv:pos		
lekkostrawnościach	lekkostrawność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawnościami	lekkostrawność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawnością	lekkostrawność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawności	lekkostrawność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawnościom	lekkostrawność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawność	lekkostrawność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawność	lekkostrawność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkostrawna	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkostrawną	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkostrawną	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkostrawnego	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkostrawnego	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkostrawnej	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkostrawnej	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkostrawnej	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkostrawne	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostrawne	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostrawne	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkostrawne	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkostrawnemu	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkostrawni	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkostrawno	lekkostrawny	adja		
lekkostrawnych	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkostrawnych	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostrawnych	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostrawny	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkostrawny	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkostrawnymi	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostrawnym	lekkostrawny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkostrawnym	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkostrawnym	lekkostrawny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkościach	lekkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkościami	lekkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkością	lekkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkości	lekkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkościom	lekkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkość	lekkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkość	lekkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośrednia	lekkośredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkośrednią	lekkośredni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkośrednią	lekkośredni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkośrednich	lekkośredni	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkośrednich	lekkośredni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkośrednich	lekkośredni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkośredniego	lekkośredni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkośredniego	lekkośredni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkośredniej	lekkośredni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkośredniej	lekkośredni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkośredniej	lekkośredni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkośrednie	lekkośredni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkośrednie	lekkośredni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkośrednie	lekkośredni	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkośrednie	lekkośredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkośredniemu	lekkośredni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkośredni	lekkośredni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkośredni	lekkośredni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkośredni	lekkośredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkośrednimi	lekkośredni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkośrednim	lekkośredni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkośrednim	lekkośredni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkośrednim	lekkośredni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkośrednio	lekkośredni	adja		
lekkośredniościach	lekkośredniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniościami	lekkośredniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniością	lekkośredniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniości	lekkośredniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniościom	lekkośredniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniość	lekkośredniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkośredniość	lekkośredniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkowierna	lekkowierna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierna	lekkowierna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierną	lekkowierna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierną	lekkowierna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernej	lekkowierna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernej	lekkowierna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernej	lekkowierna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernymi	lekkowierna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernym	lekkowierna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernościach	lekkowierność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernościami	lekkowierność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernością	lekkowierność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierności	lekkowierność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernościom	lekkowierność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierność	lekkowierność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierność	lekkowierność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierna	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lekkowierną	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lekkowierną	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lekkowiernego	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lekkowiernego	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lekkowiernej	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lekkowiernej	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lekkowiernej	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lekkowiernemu	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lekkowierni	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lekkowierno	lekkowierny:a	adja		daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lekkowierny	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lekkowierny	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lekkowiernymi	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lekkowiernym	lekkowierny:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lekkowiernym	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lekkowiernym	lekkowierny:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lekkowiernego	lekkowierny:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernego	lekkowierny:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierny:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierne	lekkowierny:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernemu	lekkowierny:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierni	lekkowierny:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierni	lekkowierny:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierny:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierny:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernych	lekkowierny:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierny	lekkowierny:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowierny	lekkowierny:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernymi	lekkowierny:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernym	lekkowierny:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernym	lekkowierny:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkowiernym	lekkowierny:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekkozbrojnościach	lekkozbrojność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojnościami	lekkozbrojność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojnością	lekkozbrojność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojności	lekkozbrojność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojnościom	lekkozbrojność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojność	lekkozbrojność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojność	lekkozbrojność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkozbrojna	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkozbrojną	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkozbrojną	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkozbrojnego	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkozbrojnego	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkozbrojnej	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkozbrojnej	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkozbrojnej	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkozbrojne	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkozbrojne	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkozbrojne	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkozbrojne	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkozbrojnemu	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkozbrojni	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkozbrojno	lekkozbrojny	adja		
lekkozbrojnych	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkozbrojnych	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkozbrojnych	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkozbrojny	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkozbrojny	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkozbrojnymi	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkozbrojnym	lekkozbrojny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkozbrojnym	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkozbrojnym	lekkozbrojny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuchno	lekkuchno	adv:pos		
lekkuchnościach	lekkuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchnościami	lekkuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchnością	lekkuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchności	lekkuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchnościom	lekkuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchność	lekkuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchność	lekkuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuchna	lekkuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkuchną	lekkuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkuchną	lekkuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkuchnego	lekkuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkuchnego	lekkuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuchnej	lekkuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkuchnej	lekkuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkuchnej	lekkuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkuchne	lekkuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuchne	lekkuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuchne	lekkuchny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkuchne	lekkuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkuchnemu	lekkuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuchni	lekkuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkuchno	lekkuchny	adja		
lekkuchnych	lekkuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkuchnych	lekkuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuchnych	lekkuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuchny	lekkuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkuchny	lekkuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkuchnymi	lekkuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuchnym	lekkuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuchnym	lekkuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuchnym	lekkuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusia	lekkusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkusią	lekkusi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkusią	lekkusi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkusich	lekkusi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkusich	lekkusi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusich	lekkusi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusiego	lekkusi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkusiego	lekkusi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusiej	lekkusi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkusiej	lekkusi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkusiej	lekkusi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkusie	lekkusi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusie	lekkusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusie	lekkusi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkusie	lekkusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkusiemu	lekkusi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusi	lekkusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkusi	lekkusi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkusi	lekkusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkusimi	lekkusi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusim	lekkusi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusim	lekkusi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusim	lekkusi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusio	lekkusi	adja		
lekkusieńcy	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkusieńka	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkusieńką	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkusieńką	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkusieńkich	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkusieńkich	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusieńkich	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusieńkiego	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkusieńkiego	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusieńkiej	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkusieńkiej	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkusieńkiej	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkusieńkie	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusieńkie	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusieńkie	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkusieńkie	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkusieńkiemu	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusieńki	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkusieńki	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkusieńkimi	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusieńkim	lekkusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkusieńkim	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusieńkim	lekkusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkusieńko	lekkusieńki	adja		
lekkusieńko	lekkusieńko	adv:pos		
lekkusieńkościach	lekkusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkościami	lekkusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkością	lekkusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkości	lekkusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkościom	lekkusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkość	lekkusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusieńkość	lekkusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusio	lekkusio	adv:pos		
lekkusiościach	lekkusiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiościami	lekkusiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiością	lekkusiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiości	lekkusiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiościom	lekkusiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiość	lekkusiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkusiość	lekkusiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuścy	lekkuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkuśka	lekkuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekkuśką	lekkuśki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekkuśką	lekkuśki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekkuśkich	lekkuśki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekkuśkich	lekkuśki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuśkich	lekkuśki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuśkiego	lekkuśki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekkuśkiego	lekkuśki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuśkiej	lekkuśki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekkuśkiej	lekkuśki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekkuśkiej	lekkuśki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekkuśkie	lekkuśki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuśkie	lekkuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuśkie	lekkuśki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkuśkie	lekkuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekkuśkiemu	lekkuśki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuśki	lekkuśki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekkuśki	lekkuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekkuśkimi	lekkuśki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuśkim	lekkuśki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekkuśkim	lekkuśki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuśkim	lekkuśki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekkuśko	lekkuśki	adja		
lekkuśko	lekkuśko	adv:pos		
lekkuśkościach	lekkuśkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkościami	lekkuśkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkością	lekkuśkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkości	lekkuśkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkościom	lekkuśkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkość	lekkuśkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekkuśkość	lekkuśkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekodziejach	lekodziej	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieja	lekodziej	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieja	lekodziej	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodziejami	lekodziej	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieje	lekodziej	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieje	lekodziej	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieje	lekodziej	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieje	lekodziej	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodziejem	lekodziej	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodziej	lekodziej	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodziejom	lekodziej	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodziejowi	lekodziej	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodziejów	lekodziej	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodziejów	lekodziej	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieju	lekodziej	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekodzieju	lekodziej	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekomanach	lekoman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomana	lekoman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomana	lekoman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanami	lekoman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanem	lekoman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanie	lekoman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanie	lekoman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomani	lekoman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomani	lekoman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekoman	lekoman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanom	lekoman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanowi	lekoman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanów	lekoman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanów	lekoman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lekomany	lekoman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekomany	lekoman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekomaniach	lekomania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomania	lekomania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomaniami	lekomania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanią	lekomania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanie	lekomania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanie	lekomania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanie	lekomania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanię	lekomania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanii	lekomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lekomanii	lekomania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanii	lekomania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanii	lekomania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanij	lekomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lekomanio	lekomania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomaniom	lekomania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomance	lekomanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomance	lekomanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanek	lekomanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomankach	lekomanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanka	lekomanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomankami	lekomanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanką	lekomanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomankę	lekomanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanki	lekomanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanki	lekomanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanki	lekomanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanki	lekomanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomanko	lekomanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomankom	lekomanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańscy	lekomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekomańska	lekomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekomańską	lekomański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekomańską	lekomański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekomańskich	lekomański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekomańskich	lekomański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekomańskich	lekomański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekomańskiego	lekomański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekomańskiego	lekomański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekomańskiej	lekomański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekomańskiej	lekomański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekomańskiej	lekomański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekomańskie	lekomański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekomańskie	lekomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekomańskie	lekomański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekomańskie	lekomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekomańskiemu	lekomański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekomański	lekomański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekomański	lekomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekomańskimi	lekomański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekomańskim	lekomański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekomańskim	lekomański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekomańskim	lekomański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekomańsko	lekomański	adja		
lekomańsku	lekomański	adjp		
lekomańsko	lekomańsko	adv:pos		
lekomańskościach	lekomańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskościami	lekomańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskością	lekomańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskości	lekomańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskościom	lekomańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskość	lekomańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekomańskość	lekomańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodpornościach	lekoodporność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodpornościami	lekoodporność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodpornością	lekoodporność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporności	lekoodporność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodpornościom	lekoodporność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporność	lekoodporność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporność	lekoodporność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoodporna	lekoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekoodporną	lekoodporny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekoodporną	lekoodporny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekoodpornego	lekoodporny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekoodpornego	lekoodporny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekoodpornej	lekoodporny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekoodpornej	lekoodporny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekoodpornej	lekoodporny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekoodporne	lekoodporny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekoodporne	lekoodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekoodporne	lekoodporny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekoodporne	lekoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekoodpornemu	lekoodporny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekoodporni	lekoodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekoodporno	lekoodporny	adja		
lekoodpornych	lekoodporny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekoodpornych	lekoodporny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekoodpornych	lekoodporny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekoodporny	lekoodporny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekoodporny	lekoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekoodpornymi	lekoodporny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekoodpornym	lekoodporny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekoodpornym	lekoodporny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekoodpornym	lekoodporny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekoopornościach	lekooporność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoopornościami	lekooporność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoopornością	lekooporność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporności	lekooporność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoopornościom	lekooporność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporność	lekooporność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporność	lekooporność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekooporna	lekooporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekooporną	lekooporny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekooporną	lekooporny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekoopornego	lekooporny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekoopornego	lekooporny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekoopornej	lekooporny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekoopornej	lekooporny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekoopornej	lekooporny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekooporne	lekooporny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekooporne	lekooporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekooporne	lekooporny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekooporne	lekooporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekoopornemu	lekooporny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekooporni	lekooporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekooporno	lekooporny	adja		
lekoopornych	lekooporny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekoopornych	lekooporny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekoopornych	lekooporny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekooporny	lekooporny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekooporny	lekooporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekoopornymi	lekooporny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekoopornym	lekooporny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekoopornym	lekooporny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekoopornym	lekooporny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekorobach	lekorób	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekoroba	lekorób	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekoroba	lekorób	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobami	lekorób	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobem	lekorób	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobie	lekorób	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobie	lekorób	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobi	lekorób	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobi	lekorób	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobom	lekorób	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobowie	lekorób	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobowie	lekorób	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobowi	lekorób	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobów	lekorób	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorobów	lekorób	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekoroby	lekorób	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekoroby	lekorób	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekorób	lekorób	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekospisach	lekospis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisami	lekospis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisem	lekospis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisie	lekospis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisie	lekospis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospis	lekospis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospis	lekospis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisom	lekospis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowi	lekospis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisów	lekospis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisu	lekospis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisy	lekospis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisy	lekospis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisy	lekospis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowościach	lekospisowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowościami	lekospisowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowością	lekospisowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowości	lekospisowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowościom	lekospisowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowość	lekospisowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowość	lekospisowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekospisowa	lekospisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekospisową	lekospisowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekospisową	lekospisowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekospisowego	lekospisowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekospisowego	lekospisowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekospisowej	lekospisowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekospisowej	lekospisowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekospisowej	lekospisowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekospisowe	lekospisowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekospisowe	lekospisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekospisowe	lekospisowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekospisowe	lekospisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekospisowemu	lekospisowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekospisowi	lekospisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekospisowo	lekospisowy	adja		
lekospisowych	lekospisowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekospisowych	lekospisowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekospisowych	lekospisowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekospisowy	lekospisowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekospisowy	lekospisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekospisowymi	lekospisowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekospisowym	lekospisowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekospisowym	lekospisowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekospisowym	lekospisowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowościach	lekowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowościami	lekowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowością	lekowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowości	lekowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowościom	lekowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowość	lekowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowość	lekowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwościach	lekowrażliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwościami	lekowrażliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwością	lekowrażliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwości	lekowrażliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwościom	lekowrażliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwość	lekowrażliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwość	lekowrażliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekowrażliwa	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekowrażliwą	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekowrażliwą	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekowrażliwego	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekowrażliwego	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowrażliwej	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekowrażliwej	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekowrażliwej	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekowrażliwe	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekowrażliwe	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekowrażliwe	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekowrażliwe	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekowrażliwemu	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowrażliwi	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekowrażliwo	lekowrażliwy	adja		
lekowrażliwych	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekowrażliwych	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowrażliwych	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowrażliwy	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekowrażliwy	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekowrażliwymi	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowrażliwym	lekowrażliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowrażliwym	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowrażliwym	lekowrażliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowa	lekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekową	lekowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekową	lekowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekowego	lekowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekowego	lekowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowej	lekowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekowej	lekowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekowej	lekowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekowe	lekowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekowe	lekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekowe	lekowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekowe	lekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekowemu	lekowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowi	lekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekowo	lekowy	adja		
lekowych	lekowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekowych	lekowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowych	lekowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowy	lekowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekowy	lekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekowymi	lekowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowym	lekowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekowym	lekowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekowym	lekowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekozależnościach	lekozależność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależnościami	lekozależność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależnością	lekozależność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależności	lekozależność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależnościom	lekozależność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależność	lekozależność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekozależność	lekozależność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwach	lekoznastwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwa	lekoznastwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwa	lekoznastwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwa	lekoznastwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwa	lekoznastwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwami	lekoznastwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwem	lekoznastwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwie	lekoznastwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastw	lekoznastwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwo	lekoznastwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwo	lekoznastwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwo	lekoznastwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwom	lekoznastwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznastwu	lekoznastwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwach	lekoznawstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwa	lekoznawstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwa	lekoznawstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwa	lekoznawstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwa	lekoznawstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwami	lekoznawstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwem	lekoznawstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwie	lekoznawstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstw	lekoznawstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwo	lekoznawstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwo	lekoznawstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwo	lekoznawstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwom	lekoznawstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekoznawstwu	lekoznawstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lekach	lek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekami	lek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekiem	lek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leki	lek:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leki	lek:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leki	lek:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lek	lek:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lek	lek:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekom	lek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekowi	lek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leków	lek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leku	lek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leku	lek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leku	lek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekach	lek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leka	lek:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leka	lek:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekami	lek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekiem	lek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leki	lek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leki	lek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leki	lek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lek	lek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekom	lek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lekowi	lek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leków	lek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leku	lek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leku	lek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksemach	leksem	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemami	leksem	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemem	leksem	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemie	leksem	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemie	leksem	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksem	leksem	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksem	leksem	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemom	leksem	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowi	leksem	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemów	leksem	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemu	leksem	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemy	leksem	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemy	leksem	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemy	leksem	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowościach	leksemowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowościami	leksemowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowością	leksemowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowości	leksemowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowościom	leksemowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowość	leksemowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowość	leksemowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksemowa	leksemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leksemową	leksemowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leksemową	leksemowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leksemowego	leksemowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leksemowego	leksemowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksemowej	leksemowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leksemowej	leksemowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leksemowej	leksemowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leksemowe	leksemowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksemowe	leksemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksemowe	leksemowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leksemowe	leksemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leksemowemu	leksemowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksemowi	leksemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leksemowo	leksemowy	adja		
leksemowych	leksemowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leksemowych	leksemowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksemowych	leksemowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksemowy	leksemowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leksemowy	leksemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leksemowymi	leksemowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksemowym	leksemowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksemowym	leksemowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksemowym	leksemowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksusach	leksus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusa	leksus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusa	leksus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusami	leksus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusem	leksus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusie	leksus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusie	leksus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksus	leksus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusom	leksus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusowi	leksus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusów	leksus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusy	leksus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusy	leksus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksusy	leksus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksykach	leksyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyka	leksyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykami	leksyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykiem	leksyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyki	leksyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyki	leksyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyki	leksyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyk	leksyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyk	leksyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykom	leksyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykowi	leksyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyków	leksyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyku	leksyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyku	leksyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksyce	leksyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyce	leksyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykach	leksyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyka	leksyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykami	leksyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyką	leksyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykę	leksyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyki	leksyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyki	leksyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyki	leksyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyki	leksyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyk	leksyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksyko	leksyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykom	leksyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacjach	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacja	leksykalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacjami	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacją	leksykalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacje	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacje	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacje	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizację	leksykalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacji	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leksykalizacji	leksykalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacji	leksykalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacji	leksykalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacjo	leksykalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacjom	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalizacyj	leksykalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leksykalizować	leksykalizować	inf:imperf		
leksykalizowaliby	leksykalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowalibyście	leksykalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowalibyśmy	leksykalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowali	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leksykalizowali	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowaliście	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowaliśmy	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowałaby	leksykalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałabym	leksykalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowałabyś	leksykalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowała	leksykalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leksykalizowała	leksykalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałam	leksykalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowałaś	leksykalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowałby	leksykalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałbym	leksykalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowałbyś	leksykalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowałem	leksykalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowałeś	leksykalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leksykalizował	leksykalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leksykalizował	leksykalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałoby	leksykalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałobym	leksykalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowałobyś	leksykalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowało	leksykalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leksykalizowało	leksykalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałom	leksykalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowałoś	leksykalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowałyby	leksykalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałybyście	leksykalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowałybyśmy	leksykalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowały	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leksykalizowały	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leksykalizowałyście	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leksykalizowałyśmy	leksykalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leksykalizowaniach	leksykalizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowania	leksykalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowania	leksykalizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowaniami	leksykalizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowanie	leksykalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowaniem	leksykalizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowaniom	leksykalizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowaniu	leksykalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizowano	leksykalizować	imps:imperf		
leksykalizowań	leksykalizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizująca	leksykalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującą	leksykalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującego	leksykalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującego	leksykalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującej	leksykalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leksykalizujące	leksykalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leksykalizujące	leksykalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującemu	leksykalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizując	leksykalizować	pcon:imperf		
leksykalizująco	leksykalizować	pacta		
leksykalizujących	leksykalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leksykalizujących	leksykalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leksykalizujący	leksykalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leksykalizujący	leksykalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leksykalizujący	leksykalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującymi	leksykalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującym	leksykalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leksykalizującym	leksykalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leksykalizują	leksykalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leksykalizujcie	leksykalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leksykalizujecie	leksykalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leksykalizuje	leksykalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leksykalizujemy	leksykalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leksykalizujesz	leksykalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leksykalizuję	leksykalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leksykalizuj	leksykalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leksykalizujmy	leksykalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leksykalnie	leksykalnie	adv:pos		
leksykalnościach	leksykalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalnościami	leksykalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalnością	leksykalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalności	leksykalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalnościom	leksykalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalność	leksykalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalność	leksykalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykalna	leksykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leksykalną	leksykalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leksykalną	leksykalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leksykalnego	leksykalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leksykalnego	leksykalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykalnej	leksykalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leksykalnej	leksykalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leksykalnej	leksykalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leksykalne	leksykalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykalne	leksykalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykalne	leksykalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykalne	leksykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykalnemu	leksykalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykalni	leksykalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykalno	leksykalny	adja		
leksykalnych	leksykalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykalnych	leksykalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykalnych	leksykalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykalny	leksykalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leksykalny	leksykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leksykalnymi	leksykalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykalnym	leksykalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykalnym	leksykalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykalnym	leksykalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykografach	leksykograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografa	leksykograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografa	leksykograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografami	leksykograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografem	leksykograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografie	leksykograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografie	leksykograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograf	leksykograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografom	leksykograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografowie	leksykograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografowie	leksykograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografowi	leksykograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografów	leksykograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografów	leksykograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografy	leksykograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografy	leksykograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografiach	leksykografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografia	leksykografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografiami	leksykografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografią	leksykografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografie	leksykografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografie	leksykografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografie	leksykografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografię	leksykografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografii	leksykografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leksykografii	leksykografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografii	leksykografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografii	leksykografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografij	leksykografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leksykografio	leksykografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykografiom	leksykografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficznie	leksykograficznie	adv:pos		
leksykograficznościach	leksykograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficznościami	leksykograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficznością	leksykograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzności	leksykograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficznościom	leksykograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzność	leksykograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzność	leksykograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykograficzna	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leksykograficzną	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leksykograficzną	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leksykograficznego	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leksykograficznego	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykograficznej	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leksykograficznej	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leksykograficznej	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leksykograficzne	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykograficzne	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykograficzne	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykograficzne	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykograficznemu	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykograficzni	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykograficzno	leksykograficzny	adja		
leksykograficznych	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykograficznych	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykograficznych	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykograficzny	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leksykograficzny	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leksykograficznymi	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykograficznym	leksykograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykograficznym	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykograficznym	leksykograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykolodzy	leksykolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykolodzy	leksykolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologach	leksykolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologa	leksykolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologa	leksykolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologami	leksykolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiem	leksykolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologi	leksykolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologi	leksykolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leksykolog	leksykolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologom	leksykolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologowie	leksykolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologowie	leksykolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologowi	leksykolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologów	leksykolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologów	leksykolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologu	leksykolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologu	leksykolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiach	leksykologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologia	leksykologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiami	leksykologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologią	leksykologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologie	leksykologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologie	leksykologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologie	leksykologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologię	leksykologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologii	leksykologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leksykologii	leksykologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologii	leksykologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologii	leksykologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologij	leksykologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leksykologio	leksykologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiom	leksykologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologicznie	leksykologicznie	adv:pos		
leksykologicznościach	leksykologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologicznościami	leksykologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologicznością	leksykologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczności	leksykologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologicznościom	leksykologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczność	leksykologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczność	leksykologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykologiczna	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leksykologiczną	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leksykologiczną	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leksykologicznego	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leksykologicznego	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykologicznej	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leksykologicznej	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leksykologicznej	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leksykologiczne	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykologiczne	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykologiczne	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykologiczne	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykologicznemu	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykologiczni	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykologiczno	leksykologiczny	adja		
leksykologicznych	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykologicznych	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykologicznych	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykologiczny	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leksykologiczny	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leksykologicznymi	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykologicznym	leksykologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykologicznym	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykologicznym	leksykologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykonach	leksykon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonami	leksykon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonem	leksykon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonie	leksykon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonie	leksykon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykon	leksykon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykon	leksykon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonom	leksykon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowi	leksykon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonów	leksykon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonu	leksykon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykony	leksykon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykony	leksykon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykony	leksykon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowo	leksykonowo	adv:pos		
leksykonowościach	leksykonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowościami	leksykonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowością	leksykonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowości	leksykonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowościom	leksykonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowość	leksykonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowość	leksykonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leksykonowa	leksykonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leksykonową	leksykonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leksykonową	leksykonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leksykonowego	leksykonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leksykonowego	leksykonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykonowej	leksykonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leksykonowej	leksykonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leksykonowej	leksykonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leksykonowe	leksykonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykonowe	leksykonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leksykonowe	leksykonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykonowe	leksykonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leksykonowemu	leksykonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykonowi	leksykonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykonowo	leksykonowy	adja		
leksykonowych	leksykonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leksykonowych	leksykonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykonowych	leksykonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykonowy	leksykonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leksykonowy	leksykonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leksykonowymi	leksykonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykonowym	leksykonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leksykonowym	leksykonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leksykonowym	leksykonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekcie	lekta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekcie	lekta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lektach	lekta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekta	lekta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lektami	lekta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lektą	lekta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lektę	lekta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekt	lekta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekto	lekta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lektom	lekta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekty	lekta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekty	lekta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekty	lekta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lekty	lekta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lektoracie	lektorat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoracie	lektorat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoratach	lektorat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoratami	lektorat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoratem	lektorat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorat	lektorat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorat	lektorat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoratom	lektorat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoratowi	lektorat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoratów	lektorat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoratu	lektorat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoraty	lektorat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoraty	lektorat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoraty	lektorat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektoriach	lektoria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektoria	lektoria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektoriami	lektoria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorią	lektoria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorie	lektoria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorie	lektoria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorie	lektoria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorię	lektoria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorii	lektoria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
lektorii	lektoria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorii	lektoria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorii	lektoria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektorio	lektoria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektoriom	lektoria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektoryj	lektoria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|przest.
lektoriach	lektorium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektoria	lektorium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektoria	lektorium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektoria	lektorium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektoriami	lektorium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektoriom	lektorium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektoriów	lektorium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorium	lektorium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorium	lektorium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorium	lektorium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorium	lektorium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorium	lektorium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorium	lektorium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorium	lektorium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorce	lektorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorce	lektorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorek	lektorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorkach	lektorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorka	lektorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorkami	lektorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorką	lektorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorkę	lektorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorki	lektorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorki	lektorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorki	lektorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorki	lektorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorko	lektorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorkom	lektorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorach	lektor:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektora	lektor:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorami	lektor:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorem	lektor:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektor	lektor:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektor	lektor:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorom	lektor:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorowi	lektor:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorów	lektor:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektory	lektor:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektory	lektor:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektory	lektor:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorze	lektor:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorze	lektor:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lektorach	lektor:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektora	lektor:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektora	lektor:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorami	lektor:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorem	lektor:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektor	lektor:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorom	lektor:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorowi	lektor:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorów	lektor:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorów	lektor:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektory	lektor:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lektory	lektor:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lektorze	lektor:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorze	lektor:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorzy	lektor:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorzy	lektor:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lektorscy	lektorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lektorska	lektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lektorską	lektorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lektorską	lektorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lektorskich	lektorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lektorskich	lektorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lektorskich	lektorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lektorskiego	lektorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lektorskiego	lektorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lektorskiej	lektorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lektorskiej	lektorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lektorskiej	lektorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lektorskie	lektorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lektorskie	lektorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lektorskie	lektorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lektorskie	lektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lektorskiemu	lektorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lektorski	lektorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lektorski	lektorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lektorskimi	lektorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lektorskim	lektorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lektorskim	lektorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lektorskim	lektorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lektorsko	lektorski	adja		
lektorsku	lektorski	adjp		
lektorsko	lektorsko	adv:pos		
lektorskościach	lektorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskościami	lektorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskością	lektorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskości	lektorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskościom	lektorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskość	lektorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektorskość	lektorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturach	lektura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektura	lektura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturami	lektura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturą	lektura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturę	lektura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektur	lektura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturo	lektura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturom	lektura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektury	lektura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektury	lektura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektury	lektura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektury	lektura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturze	lektura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturze	lektura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowościach	lekturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowościami	lekturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowością	lekturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowości	lekturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowościom	lekturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowość	lekturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowość	lekturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekturowa	lekturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekturową	lekturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekturową	lekturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekturowego	lekturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekturowego	lekturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekturowej	lekturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekturowej	lekturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekturowej	lekturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekturowe	lekturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekturowe	lekturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekturowe	lekturowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekturowe	lekturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekturowemu	lekturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekturowi	lekturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekturowo	lekturowy	adja		
lekturowych	lekturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekturowych	lekturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekturowych	lekturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekturowy	lekturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekturowy	lekturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekturowymi	lekturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekturowym	lekturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekturowym	lekturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekturowym	lekturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lektyce	lektyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyce	lektyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektykach	lektyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyka	lektyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektykami	lektyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyką	lektyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektykę	lektyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyki	lektyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyki	lektyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyki	lektyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyki	lektyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyk	lektyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektyko	lektyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektykom	lektyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lektykariuszach	lektykariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariusza	lektykariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariusza	lektykariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszami	lektykariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariusze	lektykariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariusze	lektykariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariusze	lektykariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariusze	lektykariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszem	lektykariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariusz	lektykariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszom	lektykariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszowi	lektykariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszów	lektykariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszów	lektykariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszu	lektykariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszu	lektykariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszy	lektykariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykariuszy	lektykariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzach	lektykarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzach	lektykarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarza	lektykarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarza	lektykarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarza	lektykarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarza	lektykarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzami	lektykarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzami	lektykarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarze	lektykarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarze	lektykarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarze	lektykarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarze	lektykarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarze	lektykarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarze	lektykarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarze	lektykarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarze	lektykarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzem	lektykarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzem	lektykarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarz	lektykarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarz	lektykarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzom	lektykarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzom	lektykarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzowi	lektykarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzowi	lektykarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzów	lektykarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzów	lektykarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzu	lektykarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzu	lektykarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzu	lektykarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzu	lektykarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.|rzad.
lektykarzy	lektykarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lektykarzy	lektykarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lekuchno	lekuchno	adv:pos		
lekuchnościach	lekuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchnościami	lekuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchnością	lekuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchności	lekuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchnościom	lekuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchność	lekuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchność	lekuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuchna	lekuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekuchną	lekuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekuchną	lekuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekuchnego	lekuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekuchnego	lekuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekuchnej	lekuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekuchnej	lekuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekuchnej	lekuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekuchne	lekuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekuchne	lekuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekuchne	lekuchny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekuchne	lekuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekuchnemu	lekuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekuchni	lekuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekuchno	lekuchny	adja		
lekuchnych	lekuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekuchnych	lekuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuchnych	lekuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuchny	lekuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekuchny	lekuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekuchnymi	lekuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuchnym	lekuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuchnym	lekuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekuchnym	lekuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusia	lekusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekusią	lekusi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekusią	lekusi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekusich	lekusi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekusich	lekusi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusich	lekusi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusiego	lekusi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekusiego	lekusi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusiej	lekusi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekusiej	lekusi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekusiej	lekusi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekusie	lekusi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekusie	lekusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekusie	lekusi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekusie	lekusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekusiemu	lekusi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusi	lekusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekusi	lekusi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekusi	lekusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekusimi	lekusi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusim	lekusi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusim	lekusi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusim	lekusi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusio	lekusi	adja		
lekusieńcy	lekusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekusieńka	lekusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekusieńką	lekusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekusieńką	lekusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekusieńkich	lekusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekusieńkich	lekusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusieńkich	lekusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusieńkiego	lekusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekusieńkiego	lekusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusieńkiej	lekusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekusieńkiej	lekusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekusieńkiej	lekusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekusieńkie	lekusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekusieńkie	lekusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekusieńkie	lekusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekusieńkie	lekusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekusieńkiemu	lekusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusieńki	lekusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekusieńki	lekusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekusieńkimi	lekusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusieńkim	lekusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekusieńkim	lekusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusieńkim	lekusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekusieńko	lekusieńki	adja		
lekusieńko	lekusieńko	adv:pos		
lekusieńkościach	lekusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkościami	lekusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkością	lekusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkości	lekusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkościom	lekusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkość	lekusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusieńkość	lekusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusio	lekusio	adv:pos		
lekusiościach	lekusiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiościami	lekusiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiością	lekusiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiości	lekusiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiościom	lekusiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiość	lekusiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekusiość	lekusiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuścy	lekuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekuśka	lekuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekuśką	lekuśki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekuśką	lekuśki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekuśkich	lekuśki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekuśkich	lekuśki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuśkich	lekuśki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuśkiego	lekuśki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekuśkiego	lekuśki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekuśkiej	lekuśki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekuśkiej	lekuśki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekuśkiej	lekuśki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekuśkie	lekuśki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekuśkie	lekuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekuśkie	lekuśki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekuśkie	lekuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekuśkiemu	lekuśki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekuśki	lekuśki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekuśki	lekuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekuśkimi	lekuśki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuśkim	lekuśki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekuśkim	lekuśki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekuśkim	lekuśki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekuśko	lekuśki	adja		
lekuśko	lekuśko	adv:pos		
lekuśkościach	lekuśkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkościami	lekuśkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkością	lekuśkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkości	lekuśkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkościom	lekuśkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkość	lekuśkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekuśkość	lekuśkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutcy	lekutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lekutka	lekutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lekutką	lekutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lekutką	lekutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lekutkich	lekutki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lekutkich	lekutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekutkich	lekutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekutkiego	lekutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lekutkiego	lekutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekutkiej	lekutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lekutkiej	lekutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lekutkiej	lekutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lekutkie	lekutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekutkie	lekutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lekutkie	lekutki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lekutkie	lekutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lekutkiemu	lekutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekutki	lekutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lekutki	lekutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lekutkimi	lekutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekutkim	lekutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lekutkim	lekutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekutkim	lekutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lekutko	lekutki	adja		
lekutko	lekutko	adv:pos		
lekutkościach	lekutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkościami	lekutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkością	lekutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkości	lekutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkościom	lekutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkość	lekutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekutkość	lekutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lekycie	lekyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekycie	lekyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekytach	lekyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekytami	lekyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekytem	lekyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekyt	lekyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekyt	lekyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekytom	lekyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekytowi	lekyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekytów	lekyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekytu	lekyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekyty	lekyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekyty	lekyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lekyty	lekyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelek	lelek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelkach	lelek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelka	lelek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelka	lelek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelkami	lelek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelkiem	lelek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelki	lelek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelki	lelek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelki	lelek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelkom	lelek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowi	lelek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelków	lelek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelku	lelek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelku	lelek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lelingicie	lelingit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingicie	lelingit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingitach	lelingit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingitami	lelingit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingitem	lelingit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingit	lelingit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingit	lelingit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingitom	lelingit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingitowi	lelingit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingitów	lelingit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingitu	lelingit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingity	lelingit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingity	lelingit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lelingity	lelingit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leliscy	leliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leliska	leliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leliską	leliski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leliską	leliski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leliskich	leliski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leliskich	leliski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leliskich	leliski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leliskiego	leliski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leliskiego	leliski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leliskiej	leliski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leliskiej	leliski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leliskiej	leliski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leliskie	leliski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leliskie	leliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leliskie	leliski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leliskie	leliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leliskiemu	leliski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leliski	leliski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leliski	leliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leliskimi	leliski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leliskim	leliski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leliskim	leliski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leliskim	leliski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelisko	leliski	adja		
lelisku	leliski	adjp		
lelisko	lelisko	adv:pos		
leliskościach	leliskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskościami	leliskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskością	leliskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskości	leliskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskościom	leliskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskość	leliskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leliskość	leliskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowscy	lelkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lelkowska	lelkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lelkowską	lelkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lelkowską	lelkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lelkowskich	lelkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lelkowskich	lelkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelkowskich	lelkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelkowskiego	lelkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lelkowskiego	lelkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelkowskiej	lelkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lelkowskiej	lelkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lelkowskiej	lelkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lelkowskie	lelkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lelkowskie	lelkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lelkowskie	lelkowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lelkowskie	lelkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lelkowskiemu	lelkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelkowski	lelkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lelkowski	lelkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lelkowskimi	lelkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelkowskim	lelkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelkowskim	lelkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelkowskim	lelkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelkowsko	lelkowski	adja		
lelkowsku	lelkowski	adjp		
lelkowsko	lelkowsko	adv:pos		
lelkowskościach	lelkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskościami	lelkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskością	lelkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskości	lelkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskościom	lelkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskość	lelkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelkowskość	lelkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowscy	lelowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lelowska	lelowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lelowską	lelowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lelowską	lelowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lelowskich	lelowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lelowskich	lelowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelowskich	lelowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelowskiego	lelowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lelowskiego	lelowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelowskiej	lelowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lelowskiej	lelowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lelowskiej	lelowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lelowskie	lelowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lelowskie	lelowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lelowskie	lelowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lelowskie	lelowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lelowskiemu	lelowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelowski	lelowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lelowski	lelowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lelowskimi	lelowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelowskim	lelowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lelowskim	lelowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelowskim	lelowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lelowsko	lelowski	adja		
lelowsku	lelowski	adjp		
lelowsko	lelowsko	adv:pos		
lelowskościach	lelowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskościami	lelowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskością	lelowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskości	lelowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskościom	lelowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskość	lelowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelowskość	lelowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelui	leluja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lelui	leluja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelui	leluja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelui	leluja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelujach	leluja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leluja	leluja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelujami	leluja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelują	leluja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leluje	leluja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leluje	leluja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leluje	leluja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leluję	leluja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leluj	leluja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lelujo	leluja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelujom	leluja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lelum	lelum	burk		
lemanach	leman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemana	leman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemana	leman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanami	leman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanem	leman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanie	leman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanie	leman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemani	leman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemani	leman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leman	leman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanom	leman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanowi	leman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanów	leman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemanów	leman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lemany	leman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemany	leman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwach	lemaństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwa	lemaństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwa	lemaństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwa	lemaństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwa	lemaństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwami	lemaństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwem	lemaństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwie	lemaństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństw	lemaństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwo	lemaństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwo	lemaństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwo	lemaństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwom	lemaństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemaństwu	lemaństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lemacie	lemat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemacie	lemat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematach	lemat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematami	lemat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematem	lemat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemat	lemat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemat	lemat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematom	lemat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematowi	lemat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematów	lemat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematu	lemat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematy	lemat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematy	lemat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematy	lemat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacjach	lematyzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacja	lematyzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacjami	lematyzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacją	lematyzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacje	lematyzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacje	lematyzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacje	lematyzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzację	lematyzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacji	lematyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lematyzacji	lematyzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacji	lematyzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacji	lematyzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacjo	lematyzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacjom	lematyzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lematyzacyj	lematyzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lemcach	lemiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemca	lemiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemcami	lemiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemce	lemiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemce	lemiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemce	lemiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemcem	lemiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemcom	lemiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemcowi	lemiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemców	lemiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemcu	lemiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemcu	lemiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemiec	lemiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemiec	lemiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczek	lemieczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczek	lemieczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczkach	lemieczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczka	lemieczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczkami	lemieczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczkiem	lemieczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczki	lemieczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczki	lemieczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczki	lemieczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczkom	lemieczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczkowi	lemieczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczków	lemieczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczku	lemieczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieczku	lemieczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemieszach	lemiesz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemiesza	lemiesz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszami	lemiesz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemiesze	lemiesz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemiesze	lemiesz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemiesze	lemiesz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszem	lemiesz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemiesz	lemiesz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemiesz	lemiesz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszom	lemiesz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowi	lemiesz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszu	lemiesz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszu	lemiesz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszy	lemiesz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszce	lemieszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszce	lemieszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszek	lemieszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszkach	lemieszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszka	lemieszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszkami	lemieszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszką	lemieszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszkę	lemieszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszki	lemieszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszki	lemieszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszki	lemieszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszki	lemieszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszko	lemieszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszkom	lemieszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowościach	lemieszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowościami	lemieszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowością	lemieszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowości	lemieszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowościom	lemieszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowość	lemieszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowość	lemieszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemieszowa	lemieszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lemieszową	lemieszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lemieszową	lemieszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lemieszowego	lemieszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lemieszowego	lemieszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemieszowej	lemieszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lemieszowej	lemieszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lemieszowej	lemieszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lemieszowe	lemieszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lemieszowe	lemieszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lemieszowe	lemieszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lemieszowe	lemieszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lemieszowemu	lemieszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemieszowi	lemieszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lemieszowo	lemieszowy	adja		
lemieszowych	lemieszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lemieszowych	lemieszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemieszowych	lemieszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemieszowy	lemieszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lemieszowy	lemieszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lemieszowymi	lemieszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemieszowym	lemieszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemieszowym	lemieszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemieszowym	lemieszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemingach	leming	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leminga	leming	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leminga	leming	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingami	leming	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingiem	leming	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingi	leming	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingi	leming	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingi	leming	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leming	leming	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingom	leming	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingowi	leming	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingów	leming	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingu	leming	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemingu	leming	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemce	lemka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemce	lemka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemek	lemka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemkach	lemka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemka	lemka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemkami	lemka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemką	lemka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemkę	lemka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemki	lemka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemki	lemka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemki	lemka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemki	lemka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemko	lemka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemkom	lemka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lemniskacie	lemniskata	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskacie	lemniskata	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskatach	lemniskata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskata	lemniskata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskatami	lemniskata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskatą	lemniskata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskatę	lemniskata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskat	lemniskata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskato	lemniskata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskatom	lemniskata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskaty	lemniskata	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskaty	lemniskata	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskaty	lemniskata	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemniskaty	lemniskata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadach	lemoniada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniada	lemoniada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadami	lemoniada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadą	lemoniada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadę	lemoniada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniad	lemoniada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniado	lemoniada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadom	lemoniada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniady	lemoniada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniady	lemoniada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniady	lemoniada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniady	lemoniada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadzie	lemoniada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadzie	lemoniada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowościach	lemoniadowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowościami	lemoniadowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowością	lemoniadowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowości	lemoniadowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowościom	lemoniadowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowość	lemoniadowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowość	lemoniadowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemoniadowa	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lemoniadową	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lemoniadową	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lemoniadowego	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lemoniadowego	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemoniadowej	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lemoniadowej	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lemoniadowej	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lemoniadowe	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lemoniadowe	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lemoniadowe	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lemoniadowe	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lemoniadowemu	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemoniadowi	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lemoniadowo	lemoniadowy	adja		
lemoniadowych	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lemoniadowych	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemoniadowych	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemoniadowy	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lemoniadowy	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lemoniadowymi	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemoniadowym	lemoniadowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemoniadowym	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemoniadowym	lemoniadowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemurach	lemur	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemura	lemur	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemura	lemur	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurami	lemur	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurem	lemur	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemur	lemur	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurom	lemur	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowi	lemur	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurów	lemur	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemury	lemur	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemury	lemur	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemury	lemur	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurze	lemur	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurze	lemur	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowate	lemurowate	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowate	lemurowate	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowate	lemurowate	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatych	lemurowate	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatych	lemurowate	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatymi	lemurowate	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatym	lemurowate	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowato	lemurowato	adv:pos		
lemurowatościach	lemurowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatościami	lemurowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatością	lemurowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatości	lemurowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatościom	lemurowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatość	lemurowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowatość	lemurowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lemurowaci	lemurowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lemurowata	lemurowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lemurowatą	lemurowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lemurowatą	lemurowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lemurowatego	lemurowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lemurowatego	lemurowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemurowatej	lemurowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lemurowatej	lemurowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lemurowatej	lemurowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lemurowate	lemurowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lemurowate	lemurowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lemurowate	lemurowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lemurowate	lemurowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lemurowatemu	lemurowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemurowato	lemurowaty	adja		
lemurowatych	lemurowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lemurowatych	lemurowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemurowatych	lemurowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemurowaty	lemurowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lemurowaty	lemurowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lemurowatymi	lemurowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemurowatym	lemurowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lemurowatym	lemurowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lemurowatym	lemurowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
len	len	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
len	len	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnach	len	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnami	len	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnem	len	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnie	len	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnie	len	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnom	len	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowi	len	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnów	len	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnu	len	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lny	len	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lny	len	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lny	len	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerach	lendler	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlera	lendler	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlera	lendler	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerami	lendler	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerem	lendler	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendler	lendler	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerom	lendler	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerowi	lendler	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerów	lendler	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlery	lendler	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlery	lendler	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlery	lendler	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerze	lendler	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendlerze	lendler	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielscy	lendzielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lendzielska	lendzielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lendzielską	lendzielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lendzielską	lendzielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lendzielskich	lendzielski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lendzielskich	lendzielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lendzielskich	lendzielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lendzielskiego	lendzielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lendzielskiego	lendzielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lendzielskiej	lendzielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lendzielskiej	lendzielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lendzielskiej	lendzielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lendzielskie	lendzielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lendzielskie	lendzielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lendzielskie	lendzielski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lendzielskie	lendzielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lendzielskiemu	lendzielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lendzielski	lendzielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lendzielski	lendzielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lendzielskimi	lendzielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lendzielskim	lendzielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lendzielskim	lendzielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lendzielskim	lendzielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lendzielsko	lendzielski	adja		
lendzielsku	lendzielski	adjp		
lendzielsko	lendzielsko	adv:pos		
lendzielskościach	lendzielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskościami	lendzielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskością	lendzielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskości	lendzielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskościom	lendzielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskość	lendzielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lendzielskość	lendzielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenek	lenek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenek	lenek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenkach	lenek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenka	lenek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenkami	lenek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenkiem	lenek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenki	lenek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenki	lenek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenki	lenek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenkom	lenek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenkowi	lenek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenków	lenek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenku	lenek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenku	lenek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenku	lenek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leniakach	leniak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaka	leniak	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaka	leniak	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniakami	leniak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniakiem	leniak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaki	leniak	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaki	leniak	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaki	leniak	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniak	leniak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniakom	leniak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniakowi	leniak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaków	leniak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaku	leniak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniaku	leniak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lenicjach	lenicja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicja	lenicja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicjami	lenicja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicją	lenicja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicje	lenicja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicje	lenicja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicje	lenicja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicję	lenicja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicji	lenicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lenicji	lenicja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicji	lenicja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicji	lenicja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicjo	lenicja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicjom	lenicja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenicyj	lenicja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leniąca	lenić:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leniącą	lenić:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leniącego	lenić:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leniącego	lenić:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniącej	lenić:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leniące	lenić:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniące	lenić:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniącemu	lenić:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniąc	lenić:v1	pcon:imperf		
leniąco	lenić:v1	pacta		
leniących	lenić:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniących	lenić:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniący	lenić:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniący	lenić:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leniący	lenić:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leniącymi	lenić:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniącym	lenić:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniącym	lenić:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lenią	lenić:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lenicie	lenić:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lenić	lenić:v1	inf:imperf		
lenieniach	lenić:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienia	lenić:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienia	lenić:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniami	lenić:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienie	lenić:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniem	lenić:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniom	lenić:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniu	lenić:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenień	lenić:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lenię	lenić:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leni	lenić:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leniliby	lenić:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lenilibyście	lenić:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lenilibyśmy	lenić:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lenili	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lenili	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniliście	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniliśmy	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniłaby	lenić:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniłabym	lenić:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniłabyś	lenić:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniła	lenić:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leniła	lenić:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniłam	lenić:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniłaś	lenić:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniłby	lenić:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniłbym	lenić:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniłbyś	lenić:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniłem	lenić:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniłeś	lenić:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lenił	lenić:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lenił	lenić:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniłoby	lenić:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniłobym	lenić:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniłobyś	lenić:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniło	lenić:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leniło	lenić:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniłom	lenić:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniłoś	lenić:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniłyby	lenić:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniłybyście	lenić:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniłybyśmy	lenić:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniły	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leniły	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniłyście	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniłyśmy	lenić:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lenimy	lenić:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leniono	lenić:v1	imps:imperf		
lenisz	lenić:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leńcie	lenić:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leń	lenić:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leńmy	lenić:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leniąca	lenić:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leniącą	lenić:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leniącego	lenić:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leniącego	lenić:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniącej	lenić:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leniące	lenić:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniące	lenić:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniącemu	lenić:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniąc	lenić:v2	pcon:imperf		
leniąco	lenić:v2	pacta		
leniących	lenić:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniących	lenić:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniący	lenić:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniący	lenić:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leniący	lenić:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leniącymi	lenić:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniącym	lenić:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniącym	lenić:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lenią	lenić:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lenicie	lenić:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lenić	lenić:v2	inf:imperf		
lenieniach	lenić:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienia	lenić:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienia	lenić:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniami	lenić:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienie	lenić:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniem	lenić:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniom	lenić:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniu	lenić:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenień	lenić:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lenię	lenić:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leni	lenić:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leniliby	lenić:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lenilibyście	lenić:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lenilibyśmy	lenić:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lenili	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lenili	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniliście	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniliśmy	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniłaby	lenić:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniłabym	lenić:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniłabyś	lenić:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniła	lenić:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leniła	lenić:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniłam	lenić:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniłaś	lenić:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniłby	lenić:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniłbym	lenić:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniłbyś	lenić:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniłem	lenić:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniłeś	lenić:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lenił	lenić:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lenił	lenić:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniłoby	lenić:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniłobym	lenić:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniłobyś	lenić:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniło	lenić:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leniło	lenić:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniłom	lenić:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniłoś	lenić:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniłyby	lenić:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniłybyście	lenić:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniłybyśmy	lenić:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniły	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leniły	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniłyście	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniłyśmy	lenić:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lenimy	lenić:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leniono	lenić:v2	imps:imperf		
lenisz	lenić:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leńcie	lenić:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leń	lenić:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leńmy	lenić:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leniec	leniec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leniec	leniec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńcach	leniec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńca	leniec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńcami	leniec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńce	leniec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńce	leniec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńce	leniec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńcem	leniec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńcom	leniec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńcowi	leniec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńców	leniec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńcu	leniec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leńcu	leniec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leniałaby	lenieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniałabym	lenieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniałabyś	lenieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniała	lenieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leniała	lenieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniałam	lenieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniałaś	lenieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniałby	lenieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniałbym	lenieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniałbyś	lenieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniałem	lenieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniałeś	lenieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniał	lenieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leniał	lenieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniałoby	lenieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniałobym	lenieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniałobyś	lenieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniało	lenieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leniało	lenieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniałom	lenieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniałoś	lenieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniałyby	lenieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniałybyście	lenieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniałybyśmy	lenieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniały	lenieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leniały	lenieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniałyście	lenieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniałyśmy	lenieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniano	lenieć	imps:imperf		
lenieć	lenieć	inf:imperf		
leniejąca	lenieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leniejącą	lenieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leniejącego	lenieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leniejącego	lenieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniejącej	lenieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leniejące	lenieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniejące	lenieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniejącemu	lenieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniejąc	lenieć	pcon:imperf		
leniejąco	lenieć	pacta		
leniejących	lenieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniejących	lenieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniejący	lenieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniejący	lenieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leniejący	lenieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leniejącymi	lenieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniejącym	lenieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniejącym	lenieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lenieją	lenieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leniejcie	lenieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leniejecie	lenieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lenieje	lenieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leniejemy	lenieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leniejesz	lenieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lenieję	lenieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leniej	lenieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leniejmy	lenieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lenieliby	lenieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lenielibyście	lenieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lenielibyśmy	lenieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lenieli	lenieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lenieli	lenieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lenieliście	lenieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lenieliśmy	lenieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lenieniach	lenieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienia	lenieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienia	lenieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniami	lenieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lenienie	lenieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniem	lenieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniom	lenieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lenieniu	lenieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lenień	lenieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leningradzcy	leningradzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leningradzka	leningradzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leningradzką	leningradzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leningradzką	leningradzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leningradzkich	leningradzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leningradzkich	leningradzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leningradzkich	leningradzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leningradzkiego	leningradzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leningradzkiego	leningradzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leningradzkiej	leningradzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leningradzkiej	leningradzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leningradzkiej	leningradzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leningradzkie	leningradzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leningradzkie	leningradzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leningradzkie	leningradzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leningradzkie	leningradzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leningradzkiemu	leningradzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leningradzki	leningradzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leningradzki	leningradzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leningradzkimi	leningradzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leningradzkim	leningradzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leningradzkim	leningradzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leningradzkim	leningradzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leningradzko	leningradzki	adja		
leningradzku	leningradzki	adjp		
leningradzko	leningradzko	adv:pos		
leningradzkościach	leningradzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkościami	leningradzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkością	leningradzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkości	leningradzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkościom	leningradzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkość	leningradzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leningradzkość	leningradzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninianach	leniniana	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leniniana	leniniana	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leniniana	leniniana	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leniniana	leniniana	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leninianami	leniniana	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leninianom	leniniana	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leninianów	leniniana	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmach	leninizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmami	leninizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmem	leninizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmie	leninizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmie	leninizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizm	leninizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizm	leninizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmom	leninizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmowi	leninizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmów	leninizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmu	leninizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmy	leninizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmy	leninizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninizmy	leninizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcach	leninowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowca	leninowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowca	leninowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcami	leninowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowce	leninowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leninowce	leninowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcem	leninowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcom	leninowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcowi	leninowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowców	leninowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowców	leninowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcu	leninowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcu	leninowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcy	leninowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcy	leninowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowcze	leninowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowiec	leninowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leninowscy	leninowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leninowska	leninowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leninowską	leninowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leninowską	leninowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leninowskich	leninowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leninowskich	leninowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leninowskich	leninowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leninowskiego	leninowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leninowskiego	leninowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leninowskiej	leninowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leninowskiej	leninowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leninowskiej	leninowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leninowskie	leninowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leninowskie	leninowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leninowskie	leninowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leninowskie	leninowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leninowskiemu	leninowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leninowski	leninowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leninowski	leninowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leninowskimi	leninowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leninowskim	leninowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leninowskim	leninowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leninowskim	leninowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leninowsko	leninowski	adja		
leninowsku	leninowski	adjp		
leninowsko	leninowsko	adv:pos		
leninowskościach	leninowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskościami	leninowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskością	leninowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskości	leninowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskościom	leninowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskość	leninowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninowskość	leninowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówce	leninówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówce	leninówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówek	leninówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówkach	leninówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówka	leninówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówkami	leninówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówką	leninówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówkę	leninówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówki	leninówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówki	leninówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówki	leninówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówki	leninówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówko	leninówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leninówkom	leninówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatościach	leniowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatościami	leniowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatością	leniowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatości	leniowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatościom	leniowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatość	leniowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowatość	leniowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniowaci	leniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leniowata	leniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leniowatą	leniowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leniowatą	leniowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leniowatego	leniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leniowatego	leniowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniowatej	leniowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leniowatej	leniowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leniowatej	leniowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leniowate	leniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leniowate	leniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leniowate	leniowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leniowate	leniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leniowatemu	leniowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniowato	leniowaty	adja		
leniowatych	leniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leniowatych	leniowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniowatych	leniowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniowaty	leniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leniowaty	leniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leniowatymi	leniowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniowatym	leniowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniowatym	leniowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniowatym	leniowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lenistwach	lenistwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwa	lenistwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwa	lenistwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwa	lenistwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwa	lenistwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwami	lenistwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwem	lenistwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwie	lenistwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistw	lenistwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwo	lenistwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwo	lenistwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwo	lenistwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwom	lenistwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenistwu	lenistwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchach	leniuch	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniucha	leniuch	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniucha	leniuch	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchami	leniuch	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchem	leniuch	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuch	leniuch	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchom	leniuch	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowie	leniuch	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowie	leniuch	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowi	leniuch	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchów	leniuch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchów	leniuch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchu	leniuch	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchu	leniuch	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchy	leniuch	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchy	leniuch	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchować	leniuchować	inf:imperf		
leniuchowaliby	leniuchować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniuchowalibyście	leniuchować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniuchowalibyśmy	leniuchować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniuchowali	leniuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leniuchowali	leniuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniuchowaliście	leniuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniuchowaliśmy	leniuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniuchowałaby	leniuchować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałabym	leniuchować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniuchowałabyś	leniuchować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniuchowała	leniuchować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leniuchowała	leniuchować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałam	leniuchować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniuchowałaś	leniuchować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniuchowałby	leniuchować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałbym	leniuchować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniuchowałbyś	leniuchować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniuchowałem	leniuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniuchowałeś	leniuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniuchował	leniuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leniuchował	leniuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałoby	leniuchować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałobym	leniuchować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniuchowałobyś	leniuchować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniuchowało	leniuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leniuchowało	leniuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałom	leniuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniuchowałoś	leniuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniuchowałyby	leniuchować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałybyście	leniuchować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniuchowałybyśmy	leniuchować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniuchowały	leniuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leniuchowały	leniuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniuchowałyście	leniuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniuchowałyśmy	leniuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniuchowaniach	leniuchować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowania	leniuchować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowania	leniuchować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowaniami	leniuchować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowanie	leniuchować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowaniem	leniuchować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowaniom	leniuchować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowaniu	leniuchować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchowano	leniuchować	imps:imperf		
leniuchowań	leniuchować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchująca	leniuchować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leniuchującą	leniuchować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leniuchującego	leniuchować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leniuchującego	leniuchować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchującej	leniuchować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leniuchujące	leniuchować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniuchujące	leniuchować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchującemu	leniuchować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchując	leniuchować	pcon:imperf		
leniuchująco	leniuchować	pacta		
leniuchujących	leniuchować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniuchujących	leniuchować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniuchujący	leniuchować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniuchujący	leniuchować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leniuchujący	leniuchować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leniuchującymi	leniuchować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniuchującym	leniuchować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniuchującym	leniuchować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniuchują	leniuchować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leniuchujcie	leniuchować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leniuchujecie	leniuchować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leniuchuje	leniuchować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leniuchujemy	leniuchować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leniuchujesz	leniuchować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leniuchuję	leniuchować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leniuchuj	leniuchować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leniuchujmy	leniuchować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leniuchowatościach	leniuchowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatościami	leniuchowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatością	leniuchowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatości	leniuchowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatościom	leniuchowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatość	leniuchowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowatość	leniuchowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniuchowaci	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leniuchowata	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leniuchowatą	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leniuchowatą	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leniuchowatego	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leniuchowatego	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniuchowatej	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leniuchowatej	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leniuchowatej	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leniuchowate	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leniuchowate	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leniuchowate	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leniuchowate	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leniuchowatemu	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniuchowato	leniuchowaty	adja		
leniuchowatych	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leniuchowatych	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniuchowatych	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniuchowaty	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leniuchowaty	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leniuchowatymi	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniuchowatym	leniuchowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniuchowatym	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniuchowatym	leniuchowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniuszek	leniuszek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszkach	leniuszek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszka	leniuszek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszka	leniuszek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszkami	leniuszek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszkiem	leniuszek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszki	leniuszek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszki	leniuszek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszkom	leniuszek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszkowie	leniuszek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszkowie	leniuszek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszkowi	leniuszek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszków	leniuszek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszków	leniuszek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszku	leniuszek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniuszku	leniuszek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcie	leniwić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leniwiąca	leniwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leniwiącą	leniwić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leniwiącego	leniwić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leniwiącego	leniwić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwiącej	leniwić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leniwiące	leniwić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiące	leniwić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwiącemu	leniwić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwiąc	leniwić	pcon:imperf		
leniwiąco	leniwić	pacta		
leniwiących	leniwić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniwiących	leniwić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiący	leniwić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniwiący	leniwić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leniwiący	leniwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leniwiącymi	leniwić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiącym	leniwić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiącym	leniwić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwią	leniwić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leniwicie	leniwić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leniwić	leniwić	inf:imperf		
leniwieniach	leniwić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwienia	leniwić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwienia	leniwić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniami	leniwić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwienie	leniwić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniem	leniwić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniom	leniwić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniu	leniwić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwień	leniwić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwię	leniwić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leniwi	leniwić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leniwiliby	leniwić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniwilibyście	leniwić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniwilibyśmy	leniwić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniwili	leniwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leniwili	leniwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniwiliście	leniwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniwiliśmy	leniwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniwiłaby	leniwić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniwiłabym	leniwić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniwiłabyś	leniwić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniwiła	leniwić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leniwiła	leniwić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniwiłam	leniwić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniwiłaś	leniwić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniwiłby	leniwić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniwiłbym	leniwić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniwiłbyś	leniwić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniwiłem	leniwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniwiłeś	leniwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniwił	leniwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leniwił	leniwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniwiłoby	leniwić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniwiłobym	leniwić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniwiłobyś	leniwić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniwiło	leniwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leniwiło	leniwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniwiłom	leniwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniwiłoś	leniwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniwiłyby	leniwić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniwiłybyście	leniwić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniwiłybyśmy	leniwić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniwiły	leniwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leniwiły	leniwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniwiłyście	leniwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniwiłyśmy	leniwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniwimy	leniwić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leniwiono	leniwić	imps:imperf		
leniwisz	leniwić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leniw	leniwić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leniwmy	leniwić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leniwiej	leniwie	adv:com		
leniwie	leniwie	adv:pos		
leniwcach	leniwiec:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwca	leniwiec:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwca	leniwiec:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwcami	leniwiec:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwce	leniwiec:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwce	leniwiec:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwce	leniwiec:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwcem	leniwiec:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwcom	leniwiec:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwcowi	leniwiec:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwców	leniwiec:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwcu	leniwiec:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwcu	leniwiec:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwiec	leniwiec:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leniwcach	leniwiec:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwca	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwca	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcami	leniwiec:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwce	leniwiec:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniwce	leniwiec:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcem	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcom	leniwiec:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcowi	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwców	leniwiec:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwców	leniwiec:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcu	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcu	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcy	leniwiec:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcy	leniwiec:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwcze	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwiec	leniwiec:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniwiałaby	leniwieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniwiałabym	leniwieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniwiałabyś	leniwieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniwiała	leniwieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leniwiała	leniwieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leniwiałam	leniwieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leniwiałaś	leniwieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leniwiałby	leniwieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniwiałbym	leniwieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniwiałbyś	leniwieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniwiałem	leniwieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leniwiałeś	leniwieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leniwiał	leniwieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leniwiał	leniwieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leniwiałoby	leniwieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniwiałobym	leniwieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniwiałobyś	leniwieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniwiało	leniwieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leniwiało	leniwieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leniwiałom	leniwieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leniwiałoś	leniwieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leniwiałyby	leniwieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniwiałybyście	leniwieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniwiałybyśmy	leniwieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniwiały	leniwieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leniwiały	leniwieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leniwiałyście	leniwieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leniwiałyśmy	leniwieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leniwiano	leniwieć	imps:imperf		
leniwieć	leniwieć	inf:imperf		
leniwiejąca	leniwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącą	leniwieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącego	leniwieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącego	leniwieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącej	leniwieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leniwiejące	leniwieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiejące	leniwieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącemu	leniwieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwiejąc	leniwieć	pcon:imperf		
leniwiejąco	leniwieć	pacta		
leniwiejących	leniwieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniwiejących	leniwieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiejący	leniwieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leniwiejący	leniwieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leniwiejący	leniwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącymi	leniwieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącym	leniwieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leniwiejącym	leniwieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieją	leniwieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leniwiejcie	leniwieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leniwiejecie	leniwieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leniwieje	leniwieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leniwiejemy	leniwieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leniwiejesz	leniwieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leniwieję	leniwieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leniwiej	leniwieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leniwiejmy	leniwieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leniwieliby	leniwieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniwielibyście	leniwieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniwielibyśmy	leniwieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniwieli	leniwieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leniwieli	leniwieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leniwieliście	leniwieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leniwieliśmy	leniwieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leniwieniach	leniwieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwienia	leniwieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwienia	leniwieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniami	leniwieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwienie	leniwieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniem	leniwieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniom	leniwieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwieniu	leniwieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwień	leniwieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leniwce	leniwka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwce	leniwka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwek	leniwka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwkach	leniwka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwka	leniwka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwkami	leniwka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwką	leniwka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwkę	leniwka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwki	leniwka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwki	leniwka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwki	leniwka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwki	leniwka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwko	leniwka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwkom	leniwka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwiej	leniwo	adv:com		
leniwo	leniwo	adv:pos		
leniwościach	leniwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwościami	leniwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwością	leniwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwości	leniwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwościom	leniwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwość	leniwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwość	leniwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leniwa	leniwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leniwą	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leniwą	leniwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leniwego	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leniwego	leniwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniwej	leniwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leniwej	leniwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leniwej	leniwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leniwe	leniwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leniwe	leniwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leniwe	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leniwe	leniwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leniwemu	leniwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniwi	leniwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leniwo	leniwy	adja		
leniwsi	leniwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
leniwsza	leniwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
leniwszą	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
leniwszą	leniwy	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
leniwszego	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
leniwszego	leniwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
leniwszej	leniwy	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
leniwszej	leniwy	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
leniwszej	leniwy	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
leniwsze	leniwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
leniwsze	leniwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
leniwsze	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
leniwsze	leniwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
leniwszemu	leniwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
leniwszych	leniwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
leniwszych	leniwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
leniwszych	leniwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
leniwszy	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
leniwszy	leniwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
leniwszymi	leniwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
leniwszym	leniwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
leniwszym	leniwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
leniwszym	leniwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
leniwych	leniwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leniwych	leniwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniwych	leniwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniwy	leniwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leniwy	leniwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leniwymi	leniwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniwym	leniwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leniwym	leniwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leniwym	leniwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lence	lenka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lence	lenka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenek	lenka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenkach	lenka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenka	lenka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenkami	lenka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenką	lenka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenkę	lenka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenki	lenka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenki	lenka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenki	lenka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenki	lenka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenko	lenka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenkom	lenka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicach	lennica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennica	lennica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicami	lennica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicą	lennica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennice	lennica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennice	lennica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennice	lennica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicę	lennica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennic	lennica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennico	lennica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicom	lennica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicy	lennica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicy	lennica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicy	lennica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwach	lennictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwa	lennictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwa	lennictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwa	lennictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwa	lennictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwami	lennictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwem	lennictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwie	lennictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictw	lennictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwo	lennictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwo	lennictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwo	lennictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwom	lennictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennictwu	lennictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczce	lenniczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczce	lenniczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczek	lenniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczkach	lenniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczka	lenniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczkami	lenniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczką	lenniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczkę	lenniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczki	lenniczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczki	lenniczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczki	lenniczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczki	lenniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczko	lenniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczkom	lenniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczo	lenniczo	adv:pos		
lenniczościach	lenniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczościami	lenniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczością	lenniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczości	lenniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczościom	lenniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczość	lenniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenniczość	lenniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennicza	lenniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lenniczą	lenniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lenniczą	lenniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lenniczego	lenniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lenniczego	lenniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lenniczej	lenniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lenniczej	lenniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lenniczej	lenniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lennicze	lenniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lennicze	lenniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lennicze	lenniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lennicze	lenniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lenniczemu	lenniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lenniczo	lenniczy	adja		
lenniczych	lenniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lenniczych	lenniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lenniczych	lenniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lenniczy	lenniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lenniczy	lenniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lenniczy	lenniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lenniczymi	lenniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lenniczym	lenniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lenniczym	lenniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lenniczym	lenniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lennie	lennie	adv:pos		
lennicy	lennik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennicy	lennik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennikach	lennik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennika	lennik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennika	lennik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennikami	lennik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennikiem	lennik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenniki	lennik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lenniki	lennik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lennik	lennik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennikom	lennik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennikowi	lennik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenników	lennik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenników	lennik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenniku	lennik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenniku	lennik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennach	lenno	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenna	lenno	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenna	lenno	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenna	lenno	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenna	lenno	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennami	lenno	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennem	lenno	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennie	lenno	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenn	lenno	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenno	lenno	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenno	lenno	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenno	lenno	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennom	lenno	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennu	lenno	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcach	lennodawca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawca	lennodawca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcami	lennodawca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcą	lennodawca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawce	lennodawca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawce	lennodawca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcę	lennodawca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawco	lennodawca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcom	lennodawca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawców	lennodawca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawców	lennodawca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcy	lennodawca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcy	lennodawca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcy	lennodawca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcy	lennodawca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcy	lennodawca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczościach	lennodawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczościami	lennodawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczością	lennodawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczości	lennodawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczościom	lennodawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczość	lennodawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawczość	lennodawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennodawcza	lennodawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lennodawczą	lennodawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lennodawczą	lennodawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lennodawczego	lennodawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lennodawczego	lennodawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lennodawczej	lennodawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lennodawczej	lennodawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lennodawczej	lennodawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lennodawcze	lennodawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lennodawcze	lennodawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lennodawcze	lennodawczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lennodawcze	lennodawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lennodawczemu	lennodawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lennodawczo	lennodawczy	adja		
lennodawczych	lennodawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lennodawczych	lennodawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lennodawczych	lennodawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lennodawczy	lennodawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lennodawczy	lennodawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lennodawczy	lennodawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lennodawczymi	lennodawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lennodawczym	lennodawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lennodawczym	lennodawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lennodawczym	lennodawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lennonkach	lennonki	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lennonkami	lennonki	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lennonki	lennonki	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lennonki	lennonki	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lennonki	lennonki	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lennonkom	lennonki	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lennonków	lennonki	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lennościach	lenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennościami	lenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennością	lenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenności	lenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lennościom	lenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenność	lenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenność	lenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lenna	lenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lenną	lenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lenną	lenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lennego	lenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lennego	lenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lennej	lenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lennej	lenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lennej	lenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lenne	lenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lenne	lenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lenne	lenny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lenne	lenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lennemu	lenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lenni	lenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lenno	lenny	adja		
lennych	lenny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lennych	lenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lennych	lenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lenny	lenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lenny	lenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lennymi	lenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lennym	lenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lennym	lenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lennym	lenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lenteksach	lenteks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksami	lenteks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksem	lenteks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksie	lenteks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksie	lenteks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteks	lenteks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteks	lenteks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksom	lenteks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksowi	lenteks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksów	lenteks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksu	lenteks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksy	lenteks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksy	lenteks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksy	lenteks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksach	lentex	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksami	lentex	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksem	lentex	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksie	lentex	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksie	lentex	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksom	lentex	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksowi	lentex	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksów	lentex	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksu	lentex	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksy	lentex	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksy	lentex	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lenteksy	lentex	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentex	lentex	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentex	lentex	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lencie	lento	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lentach	lento	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenta	lento	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenta	lento	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenta	lento	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lenta	lento	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lentami	lento	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lentem	lento	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lent	lento	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lento	lento	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lentom	lento	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lentu	lento	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszek	lentyszek:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszek	lentyszek:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkach	lentyszek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszka	lentyszek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkami	lentyszek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkiem	lentyszek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszki	lentyszek:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszki	lentyszek:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszki	lentyszek:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkom	lentyszek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkowi	lentyszek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszków	lentyszek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszku	lentyszek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszku	lentyszek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszek	lentyszek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkach	lentyszek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszka	lentyszek:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszka	lentyszek:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkami	lentyszek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkiem	lentyszek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszki	lentyszek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszki	lentyszek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszki	lentyszek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkom	lentyszek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszkowi	lentyszek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszków	lentyszek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszku	lentyszek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lentyszku	lentyszek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lenungach	lenung	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungami	lenung	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungiem	lenung	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungi	lenung	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungi	lenung	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungi	lenung	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenung	lenung	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenung	lenung	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungom	lenung	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungowi	lenung	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungów	lenung	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungu	lenung	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungu	lenung	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lenungu	lenung	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leniach	leń	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenia	leń	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenia	leń	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniami	leń	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenie	leń	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lenie	leń	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lenie	leń	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lenie	leń	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniem	leń	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leni	leń	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leni	leń	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniom	leń	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniowi	leń	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniów	leń	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniów	leń	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniu	leń	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leniu	leń	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leń	leń	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowscy	leonardowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leonardowska	leonardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leonardowską	leonardowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leonardowską	leonardowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leonardowskich	leonardowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leonardowskich	leonardowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonardowskich	leonardowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonardowskiego	leonardowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leonardowskiego	leonardowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonardowskiej	leonardowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leonardowskiej	leonardowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leonardowskiej	leonardowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leonardowskie	leonardowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leonardowskie	leonardowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leonardowskie	leonardowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leonardowskie	leonardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leonardowskiemu	leonardowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonardowski	leonardowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leonardowski	leonardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leonardowskimi	leonardowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonardowskim	leonardowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonardowskim	leonardowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonardowskim	leonardowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonardowsko	leonardowski	adja		
leonardowsku	leonardowski	adjp		
leonardowsko	leonardowsko	adv:pos		
leonardowskościach	leonardowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskościami	leonardowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskością	leonardowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskości	leonardowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskościom	leonardowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskość	leonardowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonardowskość	leonardowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińscy	leonciński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leoncińska	leonciński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leoncińską	leonciński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leoncińską	leonciński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leoncińskich	leonciński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leoncińskich	leonciński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leoncińskich	leonciński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leoncińskiego	leonciński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leoncińskiego	leonciński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leoncińskiej	leonciński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leoncińskiej	leonciński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leoncińskiej	leonciński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leoncińskie	leonciński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leoncińskie	leonciński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leoncińskie	leonciński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leoncińskie	leonciński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leoncińskiemu	leonciński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonciński	leonciński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leonciński	leonciński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leoncińskimi	leonciński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leoncińskim	leonciński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leoncińskim	leonciński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leoncińskim	leonciński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leoncińsko	leonciński	adja		
leoncińsku	leonciński	adjp		
leoncińsko	leoncińsko	adv:pos		
leoncińskościach	leoncińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskościami	leoncińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskością	leoncińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskości	leoncińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskościom	leoncińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskość	leoncińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoncińskość	leoncińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidach	leonida	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonida	leonida	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidami	leonida	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidą	leonida	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidę	leonida	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonid	leonida	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonido	leonida	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidom	leonida	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidy	leonida	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidy	leonida	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidy	leonida	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidy	leonida	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidzie	leonida	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonidzie	leonida	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leoninach	leonin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninami	leonin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninem	leonin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninie	leonin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninie	leonin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leonin	leonin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leonin	leonin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninom	leonin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninowi	leonin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninów	leonin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoninu	leonin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoniny	leonin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoniny	leonin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leoniny	leonin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leonińscy	leoniński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leonińska	leoniński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leonińską	leoniński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leonińską	leoniński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leonińskich	leoniński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leonińskich	leoniński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonińskich	leoniński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonińskiego	leoniński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leonińskiego	leoniński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonińskiej	leoniński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leonińskiej	leoniński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leonińskiej	leoniński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leonińskie	leoniński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leonińskie	leoniński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leonińskie	leoniński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leonińskie	leoniński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leonińskiemu	leoniński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leoniński	leoniński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leoniński	leoniński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leonińskimi	leoniński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonińskim	leoniński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leonińskim	leoniński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonińskim	leoniński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leonińsko	leoniński	adja		
leonińsku	leoniński	adjp		
leonińsko	leonińsko	adv:pos		
leonińskościach	leonińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskościami	leonińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskością	leonińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskości	leonińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskościom	leonińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskość	leonińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leonińskość	leonińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardach	leopard	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leoparda	leopard	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leoparda	leopard	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardami	leopard	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardem	leopard	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopard	leopard	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardom	leopard	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowi	leopard	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardów	leopard	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardy	leopard	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardy	leopard	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardy	leopard	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardzie	leopard	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardzie	leopard	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowościach	leopardowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowościami	leopardowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowością	leopardowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowości	leopardowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowościom	leopardowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowość	leopardowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowość	leopardowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardowa	leopardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leopardową	leopardowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leopardową	leopardowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leopardowego	leopardowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leopardowego	leopardowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardowej	leopardowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leopardowej	leopardowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leopardowej	leopardowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leopardowe	leopardowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leopardowe	leopardowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leopardowe	leopardowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leopardowe	leopardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leopardowemu	leopardowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardowi	leopardowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leopardowo	leopardowy	adja		
leopardowych	leopardowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leopardowych	leopardowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardowych	leopardowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardowy	leopardowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leopardowy	leopardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leopardowymi	leopardowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardowym	leopardowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardowym	leopardowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardowym	leopardowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardzia	leopardzi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leopardzią	leopardzi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leopardzią	leopardzi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leopardzich	leopardzi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leopardzich	leopardzi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardzich	leopardzi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardziego	leopardzi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leopardziego	leopardzi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardziej	leopardzi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leopardziej	leopardzi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leopardziej	leopardzi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leopardzie	leopardzi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leopardzie	leopardzi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leopardzie	leopardzi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leopardzie	leopardzi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leopardziemu	leopardzi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardzi	leopardzi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leopardzi	leopardzi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leopardzi	leopardzi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leopardzimi	leopardzi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardzim	leopardzi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leopardzim	leopardzi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardzim	leopardzi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leopardzio	leopardzi	adja		
leopardziościach	leopardziość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziościami	leopardziość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziością	leopardziość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziości	leopardziość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziościom	leopardziość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziość	leopardziość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leopardziość	leopardziość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepach	lep	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepami	lep	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepem	lep	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepie	lep	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepie	lep	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lep	lep	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lep	lep	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepom	lep	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepowi	lep	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepów	lep	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepu	lep	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepy	lep	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepy	lep	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepy	lep	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówce	lepażówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówce	lepażówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówek	lepażówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówkach	lepażówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówka	lepażówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówkami	lepażówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówką	lepażówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówkę	lepażówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówki	lepażówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówki	lepażówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówki	lepażówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówki	lepażówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówko	lepażówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepażówkom	lepażówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycach	lepczyca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczyca	lepczyca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycami	lepczyca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycą	lepczyca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczyce	lepczyca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczyce	lepczyca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczyce	lepczyca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycę	lepczyca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczyc	lepczyca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczyco	lepczyca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycom	lepczyca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycy	lepczyca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycy	lepczyca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepczycy	lepczyca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepiance	lepianka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepiance	lepianka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianek	lepianka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepiankach	lepianka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianka	lepianka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepiankami	lepianka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianką	lepianka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepiankę	lepianka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianki	lepianka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianki	lepianka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianki	lepianka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianki	lepianka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepianko	lepianka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepiankom	lepianka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepcie	lepić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lepiąca	lepić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lepiącą	lepić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lepiącego	lepić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lepiącego	lepić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepiącej	lepić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lepiące	lepić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepiące	lepić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepiącemu	lepić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepiąc	lepić	pcon:imperf		
lepiąco	lepić	pacta		
lepiących	lepić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepiących	lepić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepiący	lepić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepiący	lepić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lepiący	lepić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lepiącymi	lepić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepiącym	lepić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepiącym	lepić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepią	lepić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lepicie	lepić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lepić	lepić	inf:imperf		
lepieniach	lepić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepienia	lepić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepienia	lepić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lepieniami	lepić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lepienie	lepić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepieniem	lepić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lepieni	lepić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepieniom	lepić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lepieniu	lepić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepień	lepić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lepię	lepić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lepi	lepić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lepiliby	lepić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lepilibyście	lepić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lepilibyśmy	lepić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lepili	lepić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lepili	lepić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lepiliście	lepić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lepiliśmy	lepić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lepiłaby	lepić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lepiłabym	lepić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lepiłabyś	lepić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lepiła	lepić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lepiła	lepić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lepiłam	lepić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lepiłaś	lepić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lepiłby	lepić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lepiłbym	lepić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lepiłbyś	lepić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lepiłem	lepić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lepiłeś	lepić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lepił	lepić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lepił	lepić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lepiłoby	lepić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lepiłobym	lepić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lepiłobyś	lepić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lepiło	lepić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lepiło	lepić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lepiłom	lepić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lepiłoś	lepić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lepiłyby	lepić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lepiłybyście	lepić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lepiłybyśmy	lepić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lepiły	lepić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lepiły	lepić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lepiłyście	lepić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lepiłyśmy	lepić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lepimy	lepić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lepiona	lepić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lepioną	lepić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lepionego	lepić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lepionego	lepić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepionej	lepić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lepione	lepić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepione	lepić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepionemu	lepić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepiono	lepić	imps:imperf		
lepionych	lepić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepionych	lepić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepiony	lepić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lepiony	lepić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lepionymi	lepić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepionym	lepić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepionym	lepić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepisz	lepić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lep	lepić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lepmy	lepić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lepideł	lepidło	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidle	lepidło	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidłach	lepidło	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidła	lepidło	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidła	lepidło	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidła	lepidło	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidła	lepidło	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidłami	lepidło	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidłem	lepidło	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidło	lepidło	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidło	lepidło	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidło	lepidło	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidłom	lepidło	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidłu	lepidło	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronach	lepidodendron	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronach	lepidodendron	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendrona	lepidodendron	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendrona	lepidodendron	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendrona	lepidodendron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronami	lepidodendron	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronami	lepidodendron	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronem	lepidodendron	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronem	lepidodendron	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronie	lepidodendron	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronie	lepidodendron	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronie	lepidodendron	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronie	lepidodendron	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendron	lepidodendron	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendron	lepidodendron	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendron	lepidodendron	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronom	lepidodendron	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronom	lepidodendron	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronowi	lepidodendron	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronowi	lepidodendron	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronów	lepidodendron	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendronów	lepidodendron	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendronu	lepidodendron	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendrony	lepidodendron	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendrony	lepidodendron	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendrony	lepidodendron	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendrony	lepidodendron	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidodendrony	lepidodendron	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lepidodendrony	lepidodendron	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidoficie	lepidofit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidoficie	lepidofit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofitach	lepidofit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofita	lepidofit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofitami	lepidofit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofitem	lepidofit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofit	lepidofit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofit	lepidofit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofitom	lepidofit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofitowi	lepidofit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofitów	lepidofit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofity	lepidofit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofity	lepidofit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidofity	lepidofit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolicie	lepidolit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolicie	lepidolit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolitach	lepidolit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolitami	lepidolit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolitem	lepidolit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolit	lepidolit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolit	lepidolit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolitom	lepidolit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolitowi	lepidolit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolitów	lepidolit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolitu	lepidolit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolity	lepidolit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolity	lepidolit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidolity	lepidolit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologiach	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologia	lepidopterologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologiami	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologią	lepidopterologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologie	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologie	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologie	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologię	lepidopterologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologii	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lepidopterologii	lepidopterologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologii	lepidopterologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologii	lepidopterologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologij	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lepidopterologio	lepidopterologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepidopterologiom	lepidopterologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepiężnikach	lepiężnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężnika	lepiężnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężnikami	lepiężnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężnikiem	lepiężnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężniki	lepiężnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężniki	lepiężnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężniki	lepiężnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężnik	lepiężnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężnik	lepiężnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężnikom	lepiężnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężnikowi	lepiężnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężników	lepiężnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężniku	lepiężnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepiężniku	lepiężnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lepikach	lepik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepikami	lepik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepikiem	lepik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepiki	lepik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepiki	lepik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepiki	lepik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepik	lepik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepik	lepik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepikom	lepik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepikowi	lepik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepików	lepik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepiku	lepik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepiku	lepik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepiku	lepik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepiskach	lepisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiska	lepisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiska	lepisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiska	lepisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiska	lepisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiskami	lepisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiskiem	lepisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepisk	lepisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepisko	lepisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepisko	lepisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepisko	lepisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiskom	lepisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepisku	lepisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepisku	lepisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszczach	lepiszcze	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszcza	lepiszcze	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszcza	lepiszcze	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszcza	lepiszcze	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszcza	lepiszcze	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszczami	lepiszcze	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszcze	lepiszcze	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszcze	lepiszcze	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszcze	lepiszcze	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszczem	lepiszcze	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszczom	lepiszcze	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszczu	lepiszcze	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszczu	lepiszcze	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepiszczy	lepiszcze	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepcy	lepki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lepka	lepki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lepką	lepki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lepką	lepki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lepkich	lepki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lepkich	lepki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkich	lepki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkiego	lepki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lepkiego	lepki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepkiej	lepki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lepkiej	lepki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lepkiej	lepki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lepkie	lepki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepkie	lepki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepkie	lepki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lepkie	lepki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lepkiemu	lepki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepki	lepki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lepki	lepki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lepkimi	lepki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkim	lepki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkim	lepki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepkim	lepki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepko	lepki	adja		
lepko	lepko	adv:pos		
lepkościomierzach	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierzach	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierza	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierza	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzami	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierzami	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierze	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierze	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierze	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierze	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierze	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierze	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzem	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierzem	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierz	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierz	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierz	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierz	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzom	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierzom	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzowi	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierzowi	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzów	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzu	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierzu	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzu	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościomierzu	lepkościomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lepkościomierzy	lepkościomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowościach	lepkościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowościami	lepkościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowością	lepkościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowości	lepkościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowościom	lepkościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowość	lepkościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowość	lepkościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościowa	lepkościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lepkościową	lepkościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lepkościową	lepkościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lepkościowego	lepkościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lepkościowego	lepkościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepkościowej	lepkościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lepkościowej	lepkościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lepkościowej	lepkościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lepkościowe	lepkościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepkościowe	lepkościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepkościowe	lepkościowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lepkościowe	lepkościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lepkościowemu	lepkościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepkościowi	lepkościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lepkościowo	lepkościowy	adja		
lepkościowych	lepkościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lepkościowych	lepkościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkościowych	lepkościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkościowy	lepkościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lepkościowy	lepkościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lepkościowymi	lepkościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkościowym	lepkościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepkościowym	lepkościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepkościowym	lepkościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepkościach	lepkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościami	lepkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkością	lepkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkości	lepkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkościom	lepkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkość	lepkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepkość	lepkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwościach	lepliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwościami	lepliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwością	lepliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwości	lepliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwościom	lepliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwość	lepliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwość	lepliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepliwa	lepliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lepliwą	lepliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lepliwą	lepliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lepliwego	lepliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lepliwego	lepliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepliwej	lepliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lepliwej	lepliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lepliwej	lepliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lepliwe	lepliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepliwe	lepliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepliwe	lepliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lepliwe	lepliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lepliwemu	lepliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepliwi	lepliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lepliwo	lepliwy	adja		
lepliwych	lepliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lepliwych	lepliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepliwych	lepliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepliwy	lepliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lepliwy	lepliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lepliwymi	lepliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepliwym	lepliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepliwym	lepliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepliwym	lepliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepniakach	lepniak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniaka	lepniak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniakami	lepniak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniakiem	lepniak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniaki	lepniak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniaki	lepniak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniaki	lepniak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniak	lepniak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniak	lepniak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniakom	lepniak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniakowi	lepniak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniaków	lepniak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniaku	lepniak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniaku	lepniak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicach	lepnica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnica	lepnica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicami	lepnica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicą	lepnica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnice	lepnica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnice	lepnica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnice	lepnica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicę	lepnica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnic	lepnica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnico	lepnica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicom	lepnica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicy	lepnica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicy	lepnica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnicy	lepnica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepnikach	lepnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnika	lepnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnikami	lepnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnikiem	lepnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniki	lepnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniki	lepnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniki	lepnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnik	lepnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnik	lepnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnikom	lepnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepnikowi	lepnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepników	lepnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniku	lepnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepniku	lepnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leporellach	leporello	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporella	leporello	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporella	leporello	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporella	leporello	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporella	leporello	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporellami	leporello	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporellem	leporello	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporello	leporello	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporello	leporello	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporello	leporello	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporellom	leporello	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporellów	leporello	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporellu	leporello	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leporellu	leporello	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepować	lepować	inf:imperf		
lepowaliby	lepować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lepowalibyście	lepować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lepowalibyśmy	lepować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lepowali	lepować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lepowali	lepować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lepowaliście	lepować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lepowaliśmy	lepować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lepowałaby	lepować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lepowałabym	lepować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lepowałabyś	lepować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lepowała	lepować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lepowała	lepować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lepowałam	lepować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lepowałaś	lepować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lepowałby	lepować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lepowałbym	lepować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lepowałbyś	lepować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lepowałem	lepować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lepowałeś	lepować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lepował	lepować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lepował	lepować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lepowałoby	lepować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lepowałobym	lepować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lepowałobyś	lepować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lepowało	lepować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lepowało	lepować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lepowałom	lepować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lepowałoś	lepować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lepowałyby	lepować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lepowałybyście	lepować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lepowałybyśmy	lepować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lepowały	lepować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lepowały	lepować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lepowałyście	lepować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lepowałyśmy	lepować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lepowana	lepować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lepowaną	lepować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lepowanego	lepować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lepowanego	lepować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepowanej	lepować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lepowane	lepować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepowane	lepować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepowanemu	lepować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepowaniach	lepować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowania	lepować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowania	lepować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowaniami	lepować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowanie	lepować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowaniem	lepować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowani	lepować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepowaniom	lepować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowaniu	lepować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lepowano	lepować	imps:imperf		
lepowanych	lepować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepowanych	lepować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepowany	lepować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lepowany	lepować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lepowanymi	lepować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepowanym	lepować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepowanym	lepować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepowań	lepować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lepująca	lepować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lepującą	lepować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lepującego	lepować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lepującego	lepować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepującej	lepować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lepujące	lepować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepujące	lepować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepującemu	lepować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepując	lepować	pcon:imperf		
lepująco	lepować	pacta		
lepujących	lepować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepujących	lepować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepujący	lepować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lepujący	lepować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lepujący	lepować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lepującymi	lepować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepującym	lepować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lepującym	lepować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lepują	lepować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lepujcie	lepować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lepujecie	lepować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lepuje	lepować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lepujemy	lepować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lepujesz	lepować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lepuję	lepować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lepuj	lepować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lepujmy	lepować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lepowaniach	lepowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowania	lepowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowania	lepowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowania	lepowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowania	lepowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowaniami	lepowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowanie	lepowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowanie	lepowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowanie	lepowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowaniem	lepowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowaniom	lepowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowaniu	lepowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowaniu	lepowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowań	lepowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepowościach	lepowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowościami	lepowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowością	lepowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowości	lepowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowościom	lepowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowość	lepowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowość	lepowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepowa	lepowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lepową	lepowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lepową	lepowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lepowego	lepowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lepowego	lepowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepowej	lepowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lepowej	lepowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lepowej	lepowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lepowe	lepowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepowe	lepowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lepowe	lepowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lepowe	lepowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lepowemu	lepowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepowi	lepowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lepowo	lepowy	adja		
lepowych	lepowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lepowych	lepowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepowych	lepowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepowy	lepowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lepowy	lepowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lepowymi	lepowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepowym	lepowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lepowym	lepowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lepowym	lepowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leprach	lepra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lepra	lepra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leprami	lepra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leprą	lepra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leprę	lepra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lepr	lepra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lepro	lepra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leprom	lepra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lepry	lepra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lepry	lepra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lepry	lepra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lepry	lepra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leprze	lepra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leprze	lepra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leprozoriach	leprozorium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozoria	leprozorium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozoria	leprozorium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozoria	leprozorium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozoriami	leprozorium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozoriom	leprozorium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozoriów	leprozorium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozorium	leprozorium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozorium	leprozorium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozorium	leprozorium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozorium	leprozorium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozorium	leprozorium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozorium	leprozorium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leprozorium	leprozorium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepsza	lepsza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepsza	lepsza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszą	lepsza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszą	lepsza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszej	lepsza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszej	lepsza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszej	lepsza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepsze	lepsza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepsze	lepsza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepsze	lepsza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszych	lepsza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszych	lepsza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszymi	lepsza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszym	lepsza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lepszego	lepsze	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepsze	lepsze	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepsze	lepsze	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepsze	lepsze	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepsze	lepsze	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepsze	lepsze	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepsze	lepsze	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszemu	lepsze	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszych	lepsze	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszych	lepsze	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszymi	lepsze	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszym	lepsze	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszym	lepsze	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszym	lepsze	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lepszościach	lepszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszościami	lepszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszością	lepszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszości	lepszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszościom	lepszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszość	lepszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszość	lepszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyznach	lepszyzna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzna	lepszyzna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyznami	lepszyzna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzną	lepszyzna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyznę	lepszyzna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzn	lepszyzna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzno	lepszyzna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyznom	lepszyzna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzny	lepszyzna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzny	lepszyzna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzny	lepszyzna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyzny	lepszyzna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyźnie	lepszyzna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepszyźnie	lepszyzna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepcie	lepta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepcie	lepta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptach	lepta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepta	lepta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptami	lepta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptą	lepta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptę	lepta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lept	lepta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepto	lepta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptom	lepta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepty	lepta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepty	lepta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepty	lepta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lepty	lepta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptonach	lepton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonami	lepton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonem	lepton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonie	lepton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonie	lepton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepton	lepton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lepton	lepton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonom	lepton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonowi	lepton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonów	lepton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptonu	lepton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptony	lepton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptony	lepton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptony	lepton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatycy	leptosomatyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatycy	leptosomatyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatykach	leptosomatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyka	leptosomatyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyka	leptosomatyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatykami	leptosomatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatykiem	leptosomatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyki	leptosomatyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyki	leptosomatyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyk	leptosomatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatykom	leptosomatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatykowi	leptosomatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyków	leptosomatyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyków	leptosomatyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyku	leptosomatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomatyku	leptosomatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiach	leptosomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomia	leptosomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiami	leptosomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomią	leptosomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomie	leptosomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomie	leptosomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomie	leptosomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomię	leptosomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomii	leptosomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leptosomii	leptosomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomii	leptosomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomii	leptosomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomij	leptosomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leptosomio	leptosomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiom	leptosomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomicznościach	leptosomiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomicznościami	leptosomiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomicznością	leptosomiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczności	leptosomiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomicznościom	leptosomiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczność	leptosomiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczność	leptosomiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptosomiczna	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leptosomiczną	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leptosomiczną	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leptosomicznego	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leptosomicznego	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leptosomicznej	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leptosomicznej	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leptosomicznej	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leptosomiczne	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leptosomiczne	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leptosomiczne	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leptosomiczne	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leptosomicznemu	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leptosomiczni	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leptosomiczno	leptosomiczny	adja		
leptosomicznych	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leptosomicznych	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leptosomicznych	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leptosomiczny	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leptosomiczny	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leptosomicznymi	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leptosomicznym	leptosomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leptosomicznym	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leptosomicznym	leptosomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leptospirach	leptospira	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospira	leptospira	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirami	leptospira	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirą	leptospira	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirę	leptospira	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospir	leptospira	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospiro	leptospira	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirom	leptospira	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospiry	leptospira	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospiry	leptospira	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospiry	leptospira	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospiry	leptospira	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirze	leptospira	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirze	leptospira	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozach	leptospiroza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospiroza	leptospiroza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozami	leptospiroza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozą	leptospiroza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozę	leptospiroza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozie	leptospiroza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozie	leptospiroza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospiroz	leptospiroza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozo	leptospiroza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozom	leptospiroza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozy	leptospiroza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozy	leptospiroza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozy	leptospiroza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptospirozy	leptospiroza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptynach	leptyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyna	leptyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptynami	leptyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyną	leptyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptynę	leptyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptynie	leptyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptynie	leptyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyn	leptyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyno	leptyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptynom	leptyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyny	leptyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyny	leptyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyny	leptyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptyny	leptyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leptycie	leptyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptycie	leptyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptytach	leptyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptytami	leptyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptytem	leptyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptyt	leptyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptyt	leptyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptytom	leptyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptytowi	leptyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptytów	leptyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptytu	leptyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptyty	leptyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptyty	leptyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leptyty	leptyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lerce	lerka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerce	lerka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerek	lerka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerkach	lerka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerka	lerka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerkami	lerka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerką	lerka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerkę	lerka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerki	lerka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerki	lerka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerki	lerka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerki	lerka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerko	lerka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lerkom	lerka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbach	lesba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesba	lesba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbami	lesba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbą	lesba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbę	lesba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbie	lesba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbie	lesba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesb	lesba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbo	lesba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbom	lesba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesby	lesba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesby	lesba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesby	lesba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesby	lesba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lesbijce	lesbijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijce	lesbijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijek	lesbijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijkach	lesbijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijka	lesbijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijkami	lesbijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijką	lesbijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijkę	lesbijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijki	lesbijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijki	lesbijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijki	lesbijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijki	lesbijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijko	lesbijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijkom	lesbijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijscy	lesbijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lesbijska	lesbijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lesbijską	lesbijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lesbijską	lesbijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lesbijskich	lesbijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lesbijskich	lesbijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesbijskich	lesbijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesbijskiego	lesbijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lesbijskiego	lesbijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesbijskiej	lesbijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lesbijskiej	lesbijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lesbijskiej	lesbijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lesbijskie	lesbijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lesbijskie	lesbijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lesbijskie	lesbijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lesbijskie	lesbijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lesbijskiemu	lesbijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesbijski	lesbijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lesbijski	lesbijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lesbijskimi	lesbijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesbijskim	lesbijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesbijskim	lesbijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesbijskim	lesbijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesbijsko	lesbijski	adja		
lesbijsku	lesbijski	adjp		
lesbijsko	lesbijsko	adv:pos		
lesbijskościach	lesbijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskościami	lesbijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskością	lesbijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskości	lesbijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskościom	lesbijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskość	lesbijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijskość	lesbijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwach	lesbijstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwa	lesbijstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwa	lesbijstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwa	lesbijstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwa	lesbijstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwami	lesbijstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwem	lesbijstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwie	lesbijstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstw	lesbijstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwo	lesbijstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwo	lesbijstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwo	lesbijstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwom	lesbijstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbijstwu	lesbijstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmach	lesbizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmami	lesbizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmem	lesbizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmie	lesbizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmie	lesbizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizm	lesbizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizm	lesbizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmom	lesbizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmowi	lesbizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmów	lesbizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmu	lesbizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmy	lesbizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmy	lesbizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesbizmy	lesbizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferystach	leseferysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferysta	leseferysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferystami	leseferysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferystą	leseferysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferystę	leseferysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferysto	leseferysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferystom	leseferysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferystów	leseferysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferystów	leseferysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferysty	leseferysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leseferysty	leseferysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leseferysty	leseferysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyście	leseferysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyście	leseferysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyści	leseferysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyści	leseferysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmach	leseferyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmami	leseferyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmem	leseferyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmie	leseferyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmie	leseferyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzm	leseferyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzm	leseferyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmom	leseferyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmowi	leseferyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmów	leseferyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmu	leseferyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmy	leseferyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmy	leseferyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leseferyzmy	leseferyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leserach	leser	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lesera	leser	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lesera	leser	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserami	leser	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserem	leser	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leser	leser	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserom	leser	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserowi	leser	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserów	leser	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserów	leser	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lesery	leser	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lesery	leser	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserze	leser	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserze	leser	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserzy	leser	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserzy	leser	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
leserce	leserka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserce	leserka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserek	leserka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserkach	leserka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserka	leserka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserkami	leserka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserką	leserka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserkę	leserka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserki	leserka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserki	leserka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserki	leserka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserki	leserka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserko	leserka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserkom	leserka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leserować	leserować	inf:imperf		pot.
leserowaliby	leserować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowalibyście	leserować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowalibyśmy	leserować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowali	leserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
leserowali	leserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowaliście	leserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowaliśmy	leserować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowałaby	leserować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałabym	leserować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowałabyś	leserować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowała	leserować	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
leserowała	leserować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałam	leserować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowałaś	leserować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowałby	leserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałbym	leserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowałbyś	leserować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowałem	leserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowałeś	leserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
leserował	leserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
leserował	leserować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałoby	leserować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałobym	leserować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowałobyś	leserować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowało	leserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
leserowało	leserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałom	leserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowałoś	leserować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowałyby	leserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałybyście	leserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowałybyśmy	leserować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowały	leserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
leserowały	leserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
leserowałyście	leserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
leserowałyśmy	leserować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
leserowana	leserować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowaną	leserować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanego	leserować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanego	leserować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanej	leserować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowane	leserować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowane	leserować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanemu	leserować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowaniach	leserować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowania	leserować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowania	leserować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowaniami	leserować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanie	leserować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowaniem	leserować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowani	leserować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowaniom	leserować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowaniu	leserować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowano	leserować	imps:imperf		pot.
leserowanych	leserować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanych	leserować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowany	leserować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowany	leserować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanymi	leserować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanym	leserować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowanym	leserować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserowań	leserować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserująca	leserować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującą	leserować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującego	leserować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującego	leserować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującej	leserować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		pot.
leserujące	leserować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserujące	leserować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującemu	leserować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserując	leserować	pcon:imperf		pot.
leserująco	leserować	pacta		pot.
leserujących	leserować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
leserujących	leserować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserujący	leserować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		pot.
leserujący	leserować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserujący	leserować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującymi	leserować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującym	leserować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		pot.
leserującym	leserować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		pot.
leserują	leserować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
leserujcie	leserować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
leserujecie	leserować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
leseruje	leserować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
leserujemy	leserować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
leserujesz	leserować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
leseruję	leserować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
leseruj	leserować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
leserujmy	leserować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
lesicach	lesica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesica	lesica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesicami	lesica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesicą	lesica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesice	lesica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesice	lesica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesice	lesica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesicę	lesica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesic	lesica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesico	lesica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesicom	lesica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesicy	lesica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesicy	lesica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesicy	lesica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lesisto	lesisto	adv:pos		
lesistościach	lesistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistościami	lesistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistością	lesistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistości	lesistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistościom	lesistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistość	lesistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesistość	lesistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesista	lesisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lesistą	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lesistą	lesisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lesistego	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lesistego	lesisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesistej	lesisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lesistej	lesisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lesistej	lesisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lesiste	lesisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lesiste	lesisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lesiste	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lesiste	lesisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lesistemu	lesisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesisto	lesisty	adja		
lesistsi	lesisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lesistsza	lesisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lesistszą	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lesistszą	lesisty	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lesistszego	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lesistszego	lesisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lesistszej	lesisty	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lesistszej	lesisty	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lesistszej	lesisty	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lesistsze	lesisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lesistsze	lesisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lesistsze	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lesistsze	lesisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lesistszemu	lesisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lesistszych	lesisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lesistszych	lesisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lesistszych	lesisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lesistszy	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lesistszy	lesisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lesistszymi	lesisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lesistszym	lesisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lesistszym	lesisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lesistszym	lesisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lesistych	lesisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lesistych	lesisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesistych	lesisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesisty	lesisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lesisty	lesisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lesistymi	lesisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesistym	lesisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesistym	lesisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesistym	lesisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesiści	lesisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lescy	leski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leska	leski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leską	leski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leską	leski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leskich	leski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leskich	leski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leskich	leski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leskiego	leski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leskiego	leski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leskiej	leski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leskiej	leski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leskiej	leski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leskie	leski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leskie	leski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leskie	leski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leskie	leski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leskiemu	leski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leski	leski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leski	leski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leskimi	leski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leskim	leski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leskim	leski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leskim	leski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesko	leski	adja		
lesku	leski	adjp		
lesko	lesko	adv:pos		
leskościach	leskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskościami	leskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskością	leskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskości	leskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskościom	leskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskość	leskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leskość	leskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessach	less	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessami	less	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessem	less	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessie	less	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessie	less	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
less	less	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
less	less	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessom	less	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessowi	less	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessów	less	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessu	less	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessy	less	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessy	less	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessy	less	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
lessowościach	lessowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowościami	lessowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowością	lessowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowości	lessowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowościom	lessowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowość	lessowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowość	lessowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lessowa	lessowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lessową	lessowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lessową	lessowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lessowego	lessowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lessowego	lessowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lessowej	lessowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lessowej	lessowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lessowej	lessowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lessowe	lessowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lessowe	lessowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lessowe	lessowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lessowe	lessowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lessowemu	lessowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lessowi	lessowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lessowo	lessowy	adja		
lessowych	lessowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lessowych	lessowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lessowych	lessowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lessowy	lessowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lessowy	lessowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lessowymi	lessowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lessowym	lessowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lessowym	lessowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lessowym	lessowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszach	lesz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszami	lesz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesze	lesz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesze	lesz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesze	lesz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszem	lesz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesz	lesz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lesz	lesz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszom	lesz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszowi	lesz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszów	lesz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszu	lesz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszu	lesz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszu	lesz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszy	lesz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leszczach	leszcz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczach	leszcz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszcza	leszcz	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszcza	leszcz	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszcza	leszcz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszcza	leszcz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczami	leszcz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczami	leszcz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszcze	leszcz	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszcze	leszcz	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszcze	leszcz	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszcze	leszcz	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszcze	leszcz	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszcze	leszcz	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczem	leszcz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczem	leszcz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszcz	leszcz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszcz	leszcz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczom	leszcz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczom	leszcz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczowi	leszcz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczowi	leszcz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczów	leszcz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczu	leszcz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczu	leszcz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczu	leszcz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczu	leszcz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
leszczy	leszcz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
leszczocie	leszczota	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczocie	leszczota	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotach	leszczota	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczota	leszczota	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotami	leszczota	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotą	leszczota	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotę	leszczota	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczot	leszczota	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczoto	leszczota	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotom	leszczota	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczoty	leszczota	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczoty	leszczota	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczoty	leszczota	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczoty	leszczota	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotce	leszczotka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotce	leszczotka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotek	leszczotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotkach	leszczotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotka	leszczotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotkami	leszczotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotką	leszczotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotkę	leszczotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotki	leszczotka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotki	leszczotka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotki	leszczotka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotki	leszczotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotko	leszczotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczotkom	leszczotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leszczowościach	leszczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowościami	leszczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowością	leszczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowości	leszczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowościom	leszczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowość	leszczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowość	leszczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczowa	leszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leszczową	leszczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leszczową	leszczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leszczowego	leszczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leszczowego	leszczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczowej	leszczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leszczowej	leszczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leszczowej	leszczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leszczowe	leszczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszczowe	leszczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszczowe	leszczowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leszczowe	leszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leszczowemu	leszczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczowi	leszczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leszczowo	leszczowy	adja		
leszczowych	leszczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leszczowych	leszczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczowych	leszczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczowy	leszczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leszczowy	leszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leszczowymi	leszczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczowym	leszczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczowym	leszczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczowym	leszczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczykach	leszczyk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyka	leszczyk	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyka	leszczyk	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczykami	leszczyk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczykiem	leszczyk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyki	leszczyk	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyki	leszczyk	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyki	leszczyk	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyk	leszczyk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczykom	leszczyk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczykowi	leszczyk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyków	leszczyk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyku	leszczyk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyku	leszczyk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynach	leszczyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyna	leszczyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynami	leszczyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyną	leszczyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynę	leszczyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynie	leszczyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynie	leszczyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyn	leszczyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyno	leszczyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynom	leszczyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyny	leszczyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyny	leszczyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyny	leszczyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyny	leszczyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowościach	leszczynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowościami	leszczynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowością	leszczynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowości	leszczynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowościom	leszczynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowość	leszczynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowość	leszczynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczynowa	leszczynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leszczynową	leszczynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leszczynową	leszczynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leszczynowego	leszczynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leszczynowego	leszczynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczynowej	leszczynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leszczynowej	leszczynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leszczynowej	leszczynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leszczynowe	leszczynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszczynowe	leszczynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszczynowe	leszczynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leszczynowe	leszczynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leszczynowemu	leszczynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczynowi	leszczynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leszczynowo	leszczynowy	adja		
leszczynowych	leszczynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leszczynowych	leszczynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczynowych	leszczynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczynowy	leszczynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leszczynowy	leszczynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leszczynowymi	leszczynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczynowym	leszczynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczynowym	leszczynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczynowym	leszczynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczyńscy	leszczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leszczyńska	leszczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leszczyńską	leszczyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leszczyńską	leszczyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leszczyńskich	leszczyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leszczyńskich	leszczyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczyńskich	leszczyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczyńskiego	leszczyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leszczyńskiego	leszczyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczyńskiej	leszczyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leszczyńskiej	leszczyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leszczyńskiej	leszczyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leszczyńskie	leszczyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszczyńskie	leszczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszczyńskie	leszczyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leszczyńskie	leszczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leszczyńskiemu	leszczyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczyński	leszczyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leszczyński	leszczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leszczyńskimi	leszczyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczyńskim	leszczyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszczyńskim	leszczyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczyńskim	leszczyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszczyńsko	leszczyński	adja		
leszczyńsku	leszczyński	adjp		
leszczyńsko	leszczyńsko	adv:pos		
leszczyńskościach	leszczyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskościami	leszczyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskością	leszczyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskości	leszczyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskościom	leszczyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskość	leszczyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszczyńskość	leszczyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolscy	lesznowolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lesznowolska	lesznowolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lesznowolską	lesznowolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lesznowolską	lesznowolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lesznowolskich	lesznowolski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lesznowolskich	lesznowolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesznowolskich	lesznowolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesznowolskiego	lesznowolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lesznowolskiego	lesznowolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesznowolskiej	lesznowolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lesznowolskiej	lesznowolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lesznowolskiej	lesznowolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lesznowolskie	lesznowolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lesznowolskie	lesznowolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lesznowolskie	lesznowolski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lesznowolskie	lesznowolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lesznowolskiemu	lesznowolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesznowolski	lesznowolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lesznowolski	lesznowolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lesznowolskimi	lesznowolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesznowolskim	lesznowolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lesznowolskim	lesznowolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesznowolskim	lesznowolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lesznowolsko	lesznowolski	adja		
lesznowolsku	lesznowolski	adjp		
lesznowolsko	lesznowolsko	adv:pos		
lesznowolskościach	lesznowolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskościami	lesznowolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskością	lesznowolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskości	lesznowolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskościom	lesznowolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskość	lesznowolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lesznowolskość	lesznowolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszować	leszować	inf:imperf		
leszowaliby	leszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leszowalibyście	leszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leszowalibyśmy	leszować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leszowali	leszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leszowali	leszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leszowaliście	leszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leszowaliśmy	leszować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leszowałaby	leszować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leszowałabym	leszować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leszowałabyś	leszować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leszowała	leszować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leszowała	leszować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leszowałam	leszować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leszowałaś	leszować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leszowałby	leszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leszowałbym	leszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leszowałbyś	leszować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leszowałem	leszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leszowałeś	leszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leszował	leszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leszował	leszować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leszowałoby	leszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leszowałobym	leszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leszowałobyś	leszować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leszowało	leszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leszowało	leszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leszowałom	leszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leszowałoś	leszować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leszowałyby	leszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leszowałybyście	leszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leszowałybyśmy	leszować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leszowały	leszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leszowały	leszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leszowałyście	leszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leszowałyśmy	leszować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leszowana	leszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leszowaną	leszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leszowanego	leszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leszowanego	leszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszowanej	leszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leszowane	leszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszowane	leszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszowanemu	leszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszowaniach	leszować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowania	leszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowania	leszować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowaniami	leszować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowanie	leszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowaniem	leszować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowani	leszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leszowaniom	leszować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowaniu	leszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leszowano	leszować	imps:imperf		
leszowanych	leszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leszowanych	leszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszowany	leszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leszowany	leszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leszowanymi	leszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszowanym	leszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszowanym	leszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszowań	leszować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leszująca	leszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leszującą	leszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leszującego	leszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leszującego	leszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszującej	leszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leszujące	leszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszujące	leszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszującemu	leszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszując	leszować	pcon:imperf		
leszująco	leszować	pacta		
leszujących	leszować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leszujących	leszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszujący	leszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leszujący	leszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leszujący	leszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leszującymi	leszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszującym	leszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leszującym	leszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leszują	leszować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leszujcie	leszować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leszujecie	leszować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leszuje	leszować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leszujemy	leszować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leszujesz	leszować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leszuję	leszować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leszuj	leszować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leszujmy	leszować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leszowościach	leszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowościami	leszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowością	leszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowości	leszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowościom	leszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowość	leszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowość	leszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leszowa	leszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leszową	leszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leszową	leszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leszowego	leszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leszowego	leszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszowej	leszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leszowej	leszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leszowej	leszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leszowe	leszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszowe	leszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leszowe	leszowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leszowe	leszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leszowemu	leszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszowi	leszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leszowo	leszowy	adja		
leszowych	leszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leszowych	leszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszowych	leszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszowy	leszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leszowy	leszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leszowymi	leszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszowym	leszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leszowym	leszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leszowym	leszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśmianizmach	leśmianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmami	leśmianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmem	leśmianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmie	leśmianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmie	leśmianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizm	leśmianizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizm	leśmianizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmom	leśmianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmowi	leśmianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmów	leśmianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmu	leśmianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmy	leśmianizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmy	leśmianizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśmianizmy	leśmianizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leśna	leśna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśna	leśna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśną	leśna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśną	leśna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśnej	leśna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśnej	leśna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśnej	leśna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśne	leśna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśne	leśna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśne	leśna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśnych	leśna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśnych	leśna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśnymi	leśna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśnym	leśna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniccy	leśnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leśnicka	leśnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leśnicką	leśnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leśnicką	leśnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leśnickich	leśnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leśnickich	leśnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnickich	leśnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnickiego	leśnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leśnickiego	leśnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnickiej	leśnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leśnickiej	leśnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leśnickiej	leśnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leśnickie	leśnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśnickie	leśnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśnickie	leśnicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leśnickie	leśnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leśnickiemu	leśnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnicki	leśnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leśnicki	leśnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leśnickimi	leśnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnickim	leśnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnickim	leśnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnickim	leśnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnicko	leśnicki	adja		
leśnicku	leśnicki	adjp		
leśnicko	leśnicko	adv:pos		
leśnickościach	leśnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickościami	leśnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickością	leśnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickości	leśnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickościom	leśnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickość	leśnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnickość	leśnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwach	leśnictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwa	leśnictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwa	leśnictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwa	leśnictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwa	leśnictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwami	leśnictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwem	leśnictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwie	leśnictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictw	leśnictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwo	leśnictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwo	leśnictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwo	leśnictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwom	leśnictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnictwu	leśnictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczance	leśniczanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczance	leśniczanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanek	leśniczanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczankach	leśniczanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanka	leśniczanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczankami	leśniczanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanką	leśniczanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczankę	leśniczanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanki	leśniczanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanki	leśniczanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanki	leśniczanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanki	leśniczanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczanko	leśniczanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczankom	leśniczanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwach	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwa	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwa	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwa	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwa	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwami	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwem	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwie	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostw	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwo	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwo	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwo	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwom	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwu	leśniczostwo:s1	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczostwa	leśniczostwo:s2	subst:pl:acc:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniczostwa	leśniczostwo:s2	subst:pl:gen:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniczostwem	leśniczostwo:s2	subst:pl:inst:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniczostwo	leśniczostwo:s2	subst:pl:nom:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniczostwo	leśniczostwo:s2	subst:pl:voc:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniczostwu	leśniczostwo:s2	subst:pl:dat:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniczostwu	leśniczostwo:s2	subst:pl:loc:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leśniczowa	leśniczowa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczową	leśniczowa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczową	leśniczowa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowej	leśniczowa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowej	leśniczowa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowej	leśniczowa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowe	leśniczowa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowe	leśniczowa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowe	leśniczowa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowo	leśniczowa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowych	leśniczowa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowych	leśniczowa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowymi	leśniczowa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowym	leśniczowa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówce	leśniczówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówce	leśniczówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówek	leśniczówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówkach	leśniczówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówka	leśniczówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówkami	leśniczówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówką	leśniczówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówkę	leśniczówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówki	leśniczówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówki	leśniczówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówki	leśniczówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówki	leśniczówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówko	leśniczówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczówkom	leśniczówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnicza	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leśniczą	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leśniczą	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leśniczego	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leśniczego	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniczej	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leśniczej	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leśniczej	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leśnicze	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśnicze	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśnicze	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leśnicze	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leśniczemu	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniczo	leśniczy:a	adja		
leśniczych	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leśniczych	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniczych	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniczy	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leśniczy	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leśniczy	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leśniczymi	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniczym	leśniczy:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniczym	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniczym	leśniczy:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniczynach	leśniczyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyna	leśniczyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczynami	leśniczyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyną	leśniczyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczynę	leśniczyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczynie	leśniczyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczynie	leśniczyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyn	leśniczyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyno	leśniczyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczynom	leśniczyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyny	leśniczyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyny	leśniczyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyny	leśniczyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczyny	leśniczyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczego	leśniczy:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczego	leśniczy:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnicze	leśniczy:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnicze	leśniczy:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczemu	leśniczy:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowie	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczowie	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczych	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczych	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczych	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczy	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczy	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczy	leśniczy:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczy	leśniczy:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczymi	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczym	leśniczy:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczym	leśniczy:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniczym	leśniczy:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńscy	leśnieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leśnieńska	leśnieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leśnieńską	leśnieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leśnieńską	leśnieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leśnieńskich	leśnieński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leśnieńskich	leśnieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnieńskich	leśnieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnieńskiego	leśnieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leśnieńskiego	leśnieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnieńskiej	leśnieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leśnieńskiej	leśnieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leśnieńskiej	leśnieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leśnieńskie	leśnieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśnieńskie	leśnieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśnieńskie	leśnieński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leśnieńskie	leśnieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leśnieńskiemu	leśnieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnieński	leśnieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leśnieński	leśnieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leśnieńskimi	leśnieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnieńskim	leśnieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnieńskim	leśnieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnieńskim	leśnieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnieńsko	leśnieński	adja		
leśnieńsku	leśnieński	adjp		
leśnieńsko	leśnieńsko	adv:pos		
leśnieńskościach	leśnieńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskościami	leśnieńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskością	leśnieńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskości	leśnieńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskościom	leśnieńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskość	leśnieńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnieńskość	leśnieńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnicy	leśnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnicy	leśnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnikach	leśnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnika	leśnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnika	leśnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnikami	leśnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnikiem	leśnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniki	leśnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leśniki	leśnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnik	leśnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnikom	leśnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnikowi	leśnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśników	leśnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśników	leśnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniku	leśnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniku	leśnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowiccy	leśniowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leśniowicka	leśniowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leśniowicką	leśniowicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leśniowicką	leśniowicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leśniowickich	leśniowicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leśniowickich	leśniowicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniowickich	leśniowicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniowickiego	leśniowicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leśniowickiego	leśniowicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniowickiej	leśniowicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leśniowickiej	leśniowicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leśniowickiej	leśniowicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leśniowickie	leśniowicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśniowickie	leśniowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśniowickie	leśniowicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leśniowickie	leśniowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leśniowickiemu	leśniowicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniowicki	leśniowicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leśniowicki	leśniowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leśniowickimi	leśniowicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniowickim	leśniowicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśniowickim	leśniowicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniowickim	leśniowicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśniowicko	leśniowicki	adja		
leśniowicku	leśniowicki	adjp		
leśniowicko	leśniowicko	adv:pos		
leśniowickościach	leśniowickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickościami	leśniowickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickością	leśniowickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickości	leśniowickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickościom	leśniowickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickość	leśniowickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśniowickość	leśniowickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnistościach	leśnistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistościami	leśnistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistością	leśnistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistości	leśnistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistościom	leśnistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistość	leśnistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnistość	leśnistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leśnista	leśnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
leśnistą	leśnisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
leśnistą	leśnisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
leśnistego	leśnisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
leśnistego	leśnisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leśnistej	leśnisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
leśnistej	leśnisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
leśnistej	leśnisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
leśniste	leśnisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leśniste	leśnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leśniste	leśnisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
leśniste	leśnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
leśnistemu	leśnisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leśnisto	leśnisty	adja		daw.
leśnistych	leśnisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
leśnistych	leśnisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leśnistych	leśnisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leśnisty	leśnisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
leśnisty	leśnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
leśnistymi	leśnisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leśnistym	leśnisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leśnistym	leśnisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leśnistym	leśnisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leśniści	leśnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
leśnościach	leśność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnościami	leśność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnością	leśność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśności	leśność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśnościom	leśność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśność	leśność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśność	leśność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leśna	leśny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leśną	leśny:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leśną	leśny:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leśnego	leśny:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leśnego	leśny:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnej	leśny:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leśnej	leśny:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leśnej	leśny:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leśne	leśny:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśne	leśny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leśne	leśny:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leśne	leśny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leśnemu	leśny:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśni	leśny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leśno	leśny:a	adja		
leśnych	leśny:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leśnych	leśny:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnych	leśny:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśny	leśny:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leśny	leśny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leśnymi	leśny:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnym	leśny:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leśnym	leśny:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnym	leśny:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leśnego	leśny:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnego	leśny:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśne	leśny:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leśne	leśny:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leśnemu	leśny:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśni	leśny:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśni	leśny:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnych	leśny:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnych	leśny:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnych	leśny:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśny	leśny:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśny	leśny:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnymi	leśny:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnym	leśny:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnym	leśny:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leśnym	leśny:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letalnie	letalnie	adv:pos		
letalnościach	letalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalnościami	letalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalnością	letalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalności	letalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalnościom	letalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalność	letalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalność	letalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letalna	letalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
letalną	letalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
letalną	letalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
letalnego	letalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
letalnego	letalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letalnej	letalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
letalnej	letalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
letalnej	letalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
letalne	letalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letalne	letalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letalne	letalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
letalne	letalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
letalnemu	letalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letalni	letalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
letalno	letalny	adja		
letalnych	letalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
letalnych	letalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letalnych	letalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letalny	letalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
letalny	letalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
letalnymi	letalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letalnym	letalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letalnym	letalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letalnym	letalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letargach	letarg	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargami	letarg	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargiem	letarg	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargi	letarg	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargi	letarg	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargi	letarg	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letarg	letarg	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letarg	letarg	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargom	letarg	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargowi	letarg	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargów	letarg	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargu	letarg	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargu	letarg	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargu	letarg	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letargicznie	letargicznie	adv:pos		
letargicznościach	letargiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargicznościami	letargiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargicznością	letargiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczności	letargiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargicznościom	letargiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczność	letargiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczność	letargiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letargiczna	letargiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
letargiczną	letargiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
letargiczną	letargiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
letargicznego	letargiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
letargicznego	letargiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letargicznej	letargiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
letargicznej	letargiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
letargicznej	letargiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
letargiczne	letargiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letargiczne	letargiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letargiczne	letargiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
letargiczne	letargiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
letargicznemu	letargiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letargiczni	letargiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
letargiczno	letargiczny	adja		
letargicznych	letargiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
letargicznych	letargiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letargicznych	letargiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letargiczny	letargiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
letargiczny	letargiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
letargicznymi	letargiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letargicznym	letargiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letargicznym	letargiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letargicznym	letargiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letargizować	letargizować	inf:imperf		
letargizowaliby	letargizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
letargizowalibyście	letargizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
letargizowalibyśmy	letargizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
letargizowali	letargizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
letargizowali	letargizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
letargizowaliście	letargizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
letargizowaliśmy	letargizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
letargizowałaby	letargizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
letargizowałabym	letargizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
letargizowałabyś	letargizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
letargizowała	letargizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
letargizowała	letargizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
letargizowałam	letargizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
letargizowałaś	letargizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
letargizowałby	letargizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
letargizowałbym	letargizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
letargizowałbyś	letargizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
letargizowałem	letargizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
letargizowałeś	letargizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
letargizował	letargizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
letargizował	letargizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
letargizowałoby	letargizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
letargizowałobym	letargizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
letargizowałobyś	letargizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
letargizowało	letargizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
letargizowało	letargizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
letargizowałom	letargizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
letargizowałoś	letargizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
letargizowałyby	letargizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
letargizowałybyście	letargizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
letargizowałybyśmy	letargizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
letargizowały	letargizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
letargizowały	letargizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
letargizowałyście	letargizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
letargizowałyśmy	letargizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
letargizowana	letargizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
letargizowaną	letargizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
letargizowanego	letargizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
letargizowanego	letargizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowanej	letargizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
letargizowane	letargizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizowane	letargizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowanemu	letargizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowaniach	letargizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowania	letargizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowania	letargizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowaniami	letargizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowanie	letargizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowaniem	letargizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowani	letargizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
letargizowaniom	letargizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowaniu	letargizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowano	letargizować	imps:imperf		
letargizowanych	letargizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
letargizowanych	letargizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizowany	letargizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
letargizowany	letargizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
letargizowanymi	letargizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizowanym	letargizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizowanym	letargizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizowań	letargizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
letargizująca	letargizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
letargizującą	letargizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
letargizującego	letargizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
letargizującego	letargizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizującej	letargizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
letargizujące	letargizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizujące	letargizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizującemu	letargizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizując	letargizować	pcon:imperf		
letargizująco	letargizować	pacta		
letargizujących	letargizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
letargizujących	letargizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizujący	letargizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
letargizujący	letargizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
letargizujący	letargizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
letargizującymi	letargizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizującym	letargizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
letargizującym	letargizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
letargizują	letargizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
letargizujcie	letargizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
letargizujecie	letargizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
letargizuje	letargizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
letargizujemy	letargizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
letargizujesz	letargizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
letargizuję	letargizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
letargizuj	letargizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
letargizujmy	letargizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
letargnicach	letargnica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnica	letargnica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicami	letargnica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicą	letargnica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnice	letargnica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnice	letargnica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnice	letargnica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicę	letargnica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnic	letargnica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnico	letargnica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicom	letargnica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicy	letargnica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicy	letargnica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicy	letargnica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicy	letargnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnicy	letargnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnikach	letargnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnika	letargnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnika	letargnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnikami	letargnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnikiem	letargnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargniki	letargnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargniki	letargnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnik	letargnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnikom	letargnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargnikowi	letargnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargników	letargnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargników	letargnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargniku	letargnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargniku	letargnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letargowościach	letargowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowościami	letargowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowością	letargowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowości	letargowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowościom	letargowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowość	letargowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowość	letargowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letargowa	letargowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
letargową	letargowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
letargową	letargowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
letargowego	letargowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
letargowego	letargowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
letargowej	letargowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
letargowej	letargowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
letargowej	letargowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
letargowe	letargowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
letargowe	letargowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
letargowe	letargowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
letargowe	letargowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
letargowemu	letargowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
letargowi	letargowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
letargowo	letargowy	adja		przest.
letargowych	letargowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
letargowych	letargowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
letargowych	letargowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
letargowy	letargowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
letargowy	letargowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
letargowymi	letargowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
letargowym	letargowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
letargowym	letargowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
letargowym	letargowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
letejscy	letejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
letejska	letejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
letejską	letejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
letejską	letejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
letejskich	letejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
letejskich	letejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letejskich	letejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letejskiego	letejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
letejskiego	letejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letejskiej	letejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
letejskiej	letejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
letejskiej	letejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
letejskie	letejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letejskie	letejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letejskie	letejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
letejskie	letejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
letejskiemu	letejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letejski	letejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
letejski	letejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
letejskimi	letejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letejskim	letejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letejskim	letejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letejskim	letejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letejsko	letejski	adja		
letejsku	letejski	adjp		
letejsko	letejsko	adv:pos		
letejskościach	letejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskościami	letejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskością	letejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskości	letejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskościom	letejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskość	letejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letejskość	letejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letcy	letki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
letka	letki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
letką	letki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
letką	letki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
letkich	letki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
letkich	letki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkich	letki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkiego	letki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
letkiego	letki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkiej	letki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
letkiej	letki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
letkiej	letki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
letkie	letki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkie	letki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkie	letki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkie	letki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkiemu	letki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letki	letki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
letki	letki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
letkimi	letki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkim	letki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkim	letki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkim	letki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letko	letki	adja		daw.
letkiewiczach	letkiewicz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewicza	letkiewicz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewicza	letkiewicz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczami	letkiewicz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewicze	letkiewicz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewicze	letkiewicz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewicze	letkiewicz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewicze	letkiewicz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczem	letkiewicz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewicz	letkiewicz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczom	letkiewicz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczowi	letkiewicz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczów	letkiewicz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczów	letkiewicz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczu	letkiewicz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczu	letkiewicz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwach	letkiewiczostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwa	letkiewiczostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwa	letkiewiczostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwa	letkiewiczostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwa	letkiewiczostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwami	letkiewiczostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwem	letkiewiczostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwie	letkiewiczostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostw	letkiewiczostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwo	letkiewiczostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwo	letkiewiczostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwo	letkiewiczostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwom	letkiewiczostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letkiewiczostwu	letkiewiczostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
letko	letko	adv:pos		daw.
letkościach	letkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkościami	letkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkością	letkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkości	letkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkościom	letkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkość	letkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkość	letkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowiernościach	letkowierność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowiernościami	letkowierność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowiernością	letkowierność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierności	letkowierność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowiernościom	letkowierność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierność	letkowierność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierność	letkowierność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letkowierna	letkowierny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
letkowierną	letkowierny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
letkowierną	letkowierny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
letkowiernego	letkowierny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
letkowiernego	letkowierny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkowiernej	letkowierny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
letkowiernej	letkowierny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
letkowiernej	letkowierny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
letkowierne	letkowierny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkowierne	letkowierny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkowierne	letkowierny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkowierne	letkowierny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkowiernemu	letkowierny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkowierni	letkowierny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
letkowierno	letkowierny	adja		daw.
letkowiernych	letkowierny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
letkowiernych	letkowierny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkowiernych	letkowierny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkowierny	letkowierny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
letkowierny	letkowierny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
letkowiernymi	letkowierny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkowiernym	letkowierny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
letkowiernym	letkowierny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letkowiernym	letkowierny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
letnia	letni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
letnią	letni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
letnią	letni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
letnich	letni	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
letnich	letni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letnich	letni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniego	letni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
letniego	letni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letniej	letni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
letniej	letni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
letniej	letni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
letnie	letni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letnie	letni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letnie	letni	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
letnie	letni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
letniemu	letni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letni	letni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
letni	letni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
letni	letni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
letnimi	letni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letnim	letni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letnim	letni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letnim	letni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letnio	letni	adja		
letniakach	letniak:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniaka	letniak:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniakami	letniak:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniakiem	letniak:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniaki	letniak:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniaki	letniak:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniaki	letniak:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniak	letniak:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniak	letniak:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniakom	letniak:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniakowi	letniak:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniaków	letniak:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniaku	letniak:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniaku	letniak:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
letniacy	letniak:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniacy	letniak:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniakach	letniak:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniaka	letniak:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniaka	letniak:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniakami	letniak:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniakiem	letniak:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniaki	letniak:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
letniaki	letniak:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
letniak	letniak:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniakom	letniak:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniakowi	letniak:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniaków	letniak:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniaków	letniak:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniaku	letniak:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniaku	letniak:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniczek	letniczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczek	letniczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczkach	letniczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczka	letniczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczkami	letniczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczkiem	letniczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczki	letniczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczki	letniczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczki	letniczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczkom	letniczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczkowi	letniczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczków	letniczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczku	letniczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczku	letniczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
letniczce	letniczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczce	letniczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczek	letniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczkach	letniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczka	letniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczkami	letniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczką	letniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczkę	letniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczki	letniczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczki	letniczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczki	letniczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczki	letniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczko	letniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczkom	letniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczościach	letniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczościami	letniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczością	letniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczości	letniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczościom	letniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczość	letniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniczość	letniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letnicza	letniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
letniczą	letniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
letniczą	letniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
letniczego	letniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
letniczego	letniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letniczej	letniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
letniczej	letniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
letniczej	letniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
letnicze	letniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letnicze	letniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letnicze	letniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
letnicze	letniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
letniczemu	letniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letniczo	letniczy	adja		
letniczych	letniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
letniczych	letniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniczych	letniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniczy	letniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
letniczy	letniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
letniczy	letniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
letniczymi	letniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniczym	letniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniczym	letniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letniczym	letniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letnicy	letnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnicy	letnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnikach	letnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnika	letnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnika	letnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnikami	letnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnikiem	letnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniki	letnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
letniki	letnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
letnik	letnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnikom	letnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnikowi	letnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letników	letnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letników	letnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniku	letnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letniku	letnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
letnio	letnio	adv:pos		
letniościach	letniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniościami	letniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniością	letniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniości	letniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniościom	letniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniość	letniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniość	letniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskach	letnisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniska	letnisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniska	letnisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniska	letnisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniska	letnisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniskami	letnisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniskiem	letnisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letnisk	letnisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letnisko	letnisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letnisko	letnisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letnisko	letnisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniskom	letnisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letnisku	letnisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letnisku	letnisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
letniskowościach	letniskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowościami	letniskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowością	letniskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowości	letniskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowościom	letniskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowość	letniskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowość	letniskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
letniskowa	letniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
letniskową	letniskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
letniskową	letniskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
letniskowego	letniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
letniskowego	letniskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letniskowej	letniskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
letniskowej	letniskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
letniskowej	letniskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
letniskowe	letniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letniskowe	letniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
letniskowe	letniskowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
letniskowe	letniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
letniskowemu	letniskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letniskowi	letniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
letniskowo	letniskowy	adja		
letniskowych	letniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
letniskowych	letniskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniskowych	letniskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniskowy	letniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
letniskowy	letniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
letniskowymi	letniskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniskowym	letniskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
letniskowym	letniskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letniskowym	letniskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
letnościach	letność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letnościami	letność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letnością	letność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letności	letność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letnościom	letność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letność	letność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letność	letność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw._dziś_gwar.
letna	letny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letną	letny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letną	letny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnego	letny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnego	letny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnej	letny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnej	letny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnej	letny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letne	letny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letne	letny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letne	letny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letne	letny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnemu	letny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letni	letny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letno	letny	adja		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnych	letny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnych	letny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnych	letny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letny	letny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letny	letny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnymi	letny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnym	letny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnym	letny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
letnym	letny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw._dziś_gwar.
leucynach	leucyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyna	leucyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucynami	leucyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyną	leucyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucynę	leucyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucynie	leucyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucynie	leucyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyn	leucyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyno	leucyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucynom	leucyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyny	leucyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyny	leucyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyny	leucyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucyny	leucyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leucycie	leucyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucycie	leucyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucytach	leucyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucytami	leucyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucytem	leucyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucyt	leucyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucyt	leucyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucytom	leucyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucytowi	leucyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucytów	leucyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucytu	leucyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucyty	leucyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucyty	leucyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leucyty	leucyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukemiach	leukemia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemia	leukemia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemiami	leukemia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemią	leukemia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemie	leukemia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemie	leukemia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemie	leukemia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemię	leukemia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemii	leukemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
leukemii	leukemia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemii	leukemia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemii	leukemia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemij	leukemia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
leukemio	leukemia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukemiom	leukemia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukergiach	leukergia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergia	leukergia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergiami	leukergia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergią	leukergia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergie	leukergia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergie	leukergia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergie	leukergia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergię	leukergia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergii	leukergia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leukergii	leukergia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergii	leukergia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergii	leukergia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergij	leukergia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leukergio	leukergia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukergiom	leukergia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydynach	leukocydyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyna	leukocydyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydynami	leukocydyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyną	leukocydyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydynę	leukocydyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydynie	leukocydyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydynie	leukocydyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyn	leukocydyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyno	leukocydyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydynom	leukocydyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyny	leukocydyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyny	leukocydyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyny	leukocydyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocydyny	leukocydyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukocycie	leukocyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocycie	leukocyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytach	leukocyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytami	leukocyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytem	leukocyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocyt	leukocyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocyt	leukocyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytom	leukocyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytowi	leukocyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytów	leukocyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytu	leukocyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocyty	leukocyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocyty	leukocyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocyty	leukocyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
leukocytozach	leukocytoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytoza	leukocytoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozami	leukocytoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozą	leukocytoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozę	leukocytoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozie	leukocytoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozie	leukocytoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytoz	leukocytoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozo	leukocytoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozom	leukocytoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozy	leukocytoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozy	leukocytoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozy	leukocytoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukocytozy	leukocytoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukomach	leukoma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukoma	leukoma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomami	leukoma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomą	leukoma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomę	leukoma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomie	leukoma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomie	leukoma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukom	leukoma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomo	leukoma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomom	leukoma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomy	leukoma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomy	leukoma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomy	leukoma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukomy	leukoma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopeniach	leukopenia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenia	leukopenia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopeniami	leukopenia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenią	leukopenia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenie	leukopenia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenie	leukopenia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenie	leukopenia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenię	leukopenia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenii	leukopenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leukopenii	leukopenia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenii	leukopenia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenii	leukopenia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopenij	leukopenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
leukopenio	leukopenia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopeniom	leukopenia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplastach	leukoplast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplastami	leukoplast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplastem	leukoplast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplast	leukoplast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplast	leukoplast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplastom	leukoplast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplastowi	leukoplast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplastów	leukoplast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplastu	leukoplast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplasty	leukoplast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplasty	leukoplast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplasty	leukoplast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplaście	leukoplast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoplaście	leukoplast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezach	leukopoeza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoeza	leukopoeza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezami	leukopoeza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezą	leukopoeza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezę	leukopoeza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezie	leukopoeza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezie	leukopoeza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoez	leukopoeza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezo	leukopoeza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezom	leukopoeza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezy	leukopoeza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezy	leukopoeza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezy	leukopoeza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukopoezy	leukopoeza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirach	leukoszafir	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirami	leukoszafir	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirem	leukoszafir	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafir	leukoszafir	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafir	leukoszafir	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirom	leukoszafir	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirowi	leukoszafir	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirów	leukoszafir	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafiru	leukoszafir	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafiry	leukoszafir	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafiry	leukoszafir	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafiry	leukoszafir	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirze	leukoszafir	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukoszafirze	leukoszafir	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leukotomiach	leukotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomia	leukotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomiami	leukotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomią	leukotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomie	leukotomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomie	leukotomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomie	leukotomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomię	leukotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomii	leukotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
leukotomii	leukotomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomii	leukotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomii	leukotomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomij	leukotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
leukotomio	leukotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
leukotomiom	leukotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lewach	lewa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewa	lewa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewami	lewa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewą	lewa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewę	lewa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewie	lewa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewie	lewa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lew	lewa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewo	lewa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewom	lewa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lewa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lewa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lewa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lewa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaccy	lewacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewacka	lewacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewacką	lewacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewacką	lewacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewackich	lewacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewackich	lewacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewackich	lewacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewackiego	lewacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewackiego	lewacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewackiej	lewacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewackiej	lewacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewackiej	lewacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewackie	lewacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewackie	lewacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewackie	lewacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewackie	lewacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewackiemu	lewacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewacki	lewacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewacki	lewacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewackimi	lewacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewackim	lewacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewackim	lewacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewackim	lewacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewacko	lewacki	adja		
lewacku	lewacki	adjp		
lewacko	lewacko	adv:pos		
lewackościach	lewackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackościami	lewackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackością	lewackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackości	lewackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackościom	lewackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackość	lewackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewackość	lewackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewactwach	lewactwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwa	lewactwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwa	lewactwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwa	lewactwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwa	lewactwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwami	lewactwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwem	lewactwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwie	lewactwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactw	lewactwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwo	lewactwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwo	lewactwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwo	lewactwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwom	lewactwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewactwu	lewactwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewaczce	lewaczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczce	lewaczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczek	lewaczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczkach	lewaczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczka	lewaczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczkami	lewaczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczką	lewaczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczkę	lewaczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczki	lewaczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczki	lewaczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczki	lewaczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczki	lewaczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczko	lewaczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaczkom	lewaczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewadach	lewada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewada	lewada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewadami	lewada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewadą	lewada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewadę	lewada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewad	lewada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewado	lewada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewadom	lewada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewady	lewada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewady	lewada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewady	lewada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewady	lewada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewadzie	lewada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewadzie	lewada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewacy	lewak	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewacy	lewak	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewakach	lewak	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaka	lewak	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaka	lewak	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewakami	lewak	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewakiem	lewak	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaki	lewak	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewaki	lewak	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewak	lewak	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewakom	lewak	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewakowi	lewak	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaków	lewak	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaków	lewak	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaku	lewak	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaku	lewak	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluascy	lewaluaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewaluaska	lewaluaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewaluaską	lewaluaski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewaluaską	lewaluaski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewaluaskich	lewaluaski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewaluaskich	lewaluaski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewaluaskich	lewaluaski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewaluaskiego	lewaluaski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewaluaskiego	lewaluaski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewaluaskiej	lewaluaski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewaluaskiej	lewaluaski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewaluaskiej	lewaluaski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewaluaskie	lewaluaski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewaluaskie	lewaluaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewaluaskie	lewaluaski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewaluaskie	lewaluaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewaluaskiemu	lewaluaski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewaluaski	lewaluaski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewaluaski	lewaluaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewaluaskimi	lewaluaski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewaluaskim	lewaluaski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewaluaskim	lewaluaski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewaluaskim	lewaluaski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewaluasko	lewaluaski	adja		
lewaluasku	lewaluaski	adjp		
lewaluasko	lewaluasko	adv:pos		
lewaluaskościach	lewaluaskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskościami	lewaluaskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskością	lewaluaskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskości	lewaluaskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskościom	lewaluaskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskość	lewaluaskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewaluaskość	lewaluaskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewanccy	lewancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lewancka	lewancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lewancką	lewancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lewancką	lewancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lewanckich	lewancki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lewanckich	lewancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lewanckich	lewancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lewanckiego	lewancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lewanckiego	lewancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lewanckiej	lewancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lewanckiej	lewancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lewanckiej	lewancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lewanckie	lewancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lewanckie	lewancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lewanckie	lewancki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lewanckie	lewancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lewanckiemu	lewancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lewancki	lewancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lewancki	lewancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lewanckimi	lewancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lewanckim	lewancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lewanckim	lewancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lewanckim	lewancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lewancko	lewancki	adja		daw.
lewancku	lewancki	adjp		daw.
lewancko	lewancko	adv:pos		
lewanckościach	lewanckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckościami	lewanckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckością	lewanckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckości	lewanckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckościom	lewanckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckość	lewanckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewanckość	lewanckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewancie	lewant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewancie	lewant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewantach	lewant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewanta	lewant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewantami	lewant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewantem	lewant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewant	lewant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewant	lewant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewantom	lewant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewantowi	lewant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewantów	lewant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewanty	lewant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewanty	lewant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewanty	lewant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewantynach	lewantyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyna	lewantyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantynami	lewantyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyną	lewantyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantynę	lewantyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantynie	lewantyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantynie	lewantyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyn	lewantyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyno	lewantyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantynom	lewantyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyny	lewantyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyny	lewantyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyny	lewantyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyny	lewantyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewantyńscy	lewantyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewantyńska	lewantyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewantyńską	lewantyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewantyńską	lewantyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewantyńskich	lewantyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewantyńskich	lewantyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewantyńskich	lewantyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewantyńskiego	lewantyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewantyńskiego	lewantyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewantyńskiej	lewantyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewantyńskiej	lewantyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewantyńskiej	lewantyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewantyńskie	lewantyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewantyńskie	lewantyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewantyńskie	lewantyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewantyńskie	lewantyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewantyńskiemu	lewantyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewantyński	lewantyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewantyński	lewantyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewantyńskimi	lewantyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewantyńskim	lewantyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewantyńskim	lewantyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewantyńskim	lewantyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewantyńsko	lewantyński	adja		
lewantyńsku	lewantyński	adjp		
lewantyńsko	lewantyńsko	adv:pos		
lewantyńskościach	lewantyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskościami	lewantyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskością	lewantyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskości	lewantyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskościom	lewantyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskość	lewantyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewantyńskość	lewantyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarach	lewar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewara	lewar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarami	lewar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarem	lewar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewar	lewar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewar	lewar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarom	lewar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowi	lewar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarów	lewar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewary	lewar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewary	lewar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewary	lewar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarze	lewar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarze	lewar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarek	lewarek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarek	lewarek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarkach	lewarek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarka	lewarek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarkami	lewarek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarkiem	lewarek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarki	lewarek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarki	lewarek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarki	lewarek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarkom	lewarek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarkowi	lewarek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarków	lewarek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarku	lewarek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarku	lewarek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewarować	lewarować	inf:imperf		
lewarowaliby	lewarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lewarowalibyście	lewarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lewarowalibyśmy	lewarować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lewarowali	lewarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lewarowali	lewarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lewarowaliście	lewarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lewarowaliśmy	lewarować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lewarowałaby	lewarować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lewarowałabym	lewarować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lewarowałabyś	lewarować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lewarowała	lewarować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lewarowała	lewarować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lewarowałam	lewarować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lewarowałaś	lewarować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lewarowałby	lewarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lewarowałbym	lewarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lewarowałbyś	lewarować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lewarowałem	lewarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lewarowałeś	lewarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lewarował	lewarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lewarował	lewarować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lewarowałoby	lewarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lewarowałobym	lewarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lewarowałobyś	lewarować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lewarowało	lewarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lewarowało	lewarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lewarowałom	lewarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lewarowałoś	lewarować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lewarowałyby	lewarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lewarowałybyście	lewarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lewarowałybyśmy	lewarować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lewarowały	lewarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lewarowały	lewarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lewarowałyście	lewarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lewarowałyśmy	lewarować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lewarowana	lewarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lewarowaną	lewarować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lewarowanego	lewarować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lewarowanego	lewarować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowanej	lewarować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lewarowane	lewarować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarowane	lewarować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowanemu	lewarować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowaniach	lewarować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowania	lewarować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowania	lewarować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowaniami	lewarować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowanie	lewarować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowaniem	lewarować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowani	lewarować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewarowaniom	lewarować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowaniu	lewarować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowano	lewarować	imps:imperf		
lewarowanych	lewarować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewarowanych	lewarować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarowany	lewarować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lewarowany	lewarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lewarowanymi	lewarować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarowanym	lewarować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarowanym	lewarować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarowań	lewarować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lewarująca	lewarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lewarującą	lewarować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lewarującego	lewarować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lewarującego	lewarować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarującej	lewarować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lewarujące	lewarować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarujące	lewarować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarującemu	lewarować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarując	lewarować	pcon:imperf		
lewarująco	lewarować	pacta		
lewarujących	lewarować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewarujących	lewarować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarujący	lewarować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewarujący	lewarować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lewarujący	lewarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lewarującymi	lewarować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarującym	lewarować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewarującym	lewarować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewarują	lewarować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lewarujcie	lewarować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lewarujecie	lewarować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lewaruje	lewarować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lewarujemy	lewarować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lewarujesz	lewarować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lewaruję	lewarować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lewaruj	lewarować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lewarujmy	lewarować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lewarowościach	lewarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowościami	lewarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowością	lewarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowości	lewarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowościom	lewarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowość	lewarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowość	lewarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewarowa	lewarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewarową	lewarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewarową	lewarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewarowego	lewarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewarowego	lewarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewarowej	lewarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewarowej	lewarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewarowej	lewarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewarowe	lewarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewarowe	lewarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewarowe	lewarowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewarowe	lewarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewarowemu	lewarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewarowi	lewarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewarowo	lewarowy	adja		
lewarowych	lewarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewarowych	lewarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewarowych	lewarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewarowy	lewarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewarowy	lewarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewarowymi	lewarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewarowym	lewarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewarowym	lewarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewarowym	lewarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewatywach	lewatywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywa	lewatywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywami	lewatywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywą	lewatywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywę	lewatywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywie	lewatywa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywie	lewatywa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatyw	lewatywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywo	lewatywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywom	lewatywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywy	lewatywa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywy	lewatywa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywy	lewatywa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywy	lewatywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywce	lewatywka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywce	lewatywka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywek	lewatywka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywkach	lewatywka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywka	lewatywka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywkami	lewatywka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywką	lewatywka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywkę	lewatywka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywki	lewatywka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywki	lewatywka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywki	lewatywka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywki	lewatywka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywko	lewatywka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewatywkom	lewatywka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewek	lewek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewkach	lewek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewka	lewek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewka	lewek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewkami	lewek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewkiem	lewek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewki	lewek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewki	lewek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewki	lewek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewkom	lewek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowi	lewek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewków	lewek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewku	lewek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewku	lewek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanach	lewiatan	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatana	lewiatan	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatana	lewiatan	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanami	lewiatan	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanem	lewiatan	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanie	lewiatan	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanie	lewiatan	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatan	lewiatan	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanom	lewiatan	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanowi	lewiatan	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatanów	lewiatan	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatany	lewiatan	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatany	lewiatan	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewiatany	lewiatan	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewicach	lewica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewica	lewica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicami	lewica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicą	lewica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewice	lewica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewice	lewica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewice	lewica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicę	lewica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewic	lewica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewico	lewica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicom	lewica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicy	lewica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicy	lewica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicy	lewica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewiccy	lewicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewicka	lewicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewicką	lewicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewicką	lewicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewickich	lewicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewickich	lewicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewickich	lewicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewickiego	lewicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewickiego	lewicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewickiej	lewicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewickiej	lewicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewickiej	lewicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewickie	lewicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewickie	lewicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewickie	lewicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewickie	lewicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewickiemu	lewicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewicki	lewicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewicki	lewicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewickimi	lewicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewickim	lewicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewickim	lewicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewickim	lewicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewicko	lewicki	adja		
lewicku	lewicki	adjp		
lewicko	lewicko	adv:pos		
lewickościach	lewickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickościami	lewickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickością	lewickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickości	lewickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickościom	lewickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickość	lewickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewickość	lewickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicować	lewicować	inf:imperf		
lewicowaliby	lewicować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lewicowalibyście	lewicować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lewicowalibyśmy	lewicować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lewicowali	lewicować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lewicowali	lewicować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lewicowaliście	lewicować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lewicowaliśmy	lewicować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lewicowałaby	lewicować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lewicowałabym	lewicować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lewicowałabyś	lewicować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lewicowała	lewicować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lewicowała	lewicować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lewicowałam	lewicować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lewicowałaś	lewicować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lewicowałby	lewicować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lewicowałbym	lewicować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lewicowałbyś	lewicować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lewicowałem	lewicować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lewicowałeś	lewicować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lewicował	lewicować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lewicował	lewicować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lewicowałoby	lewicować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lewicowałobym	lewicować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lewicowałobyś	lewicować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lewicowało	lewicować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lewicowało	lewicować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lewicowałom	lewicować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lewicowałoś	lewicować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lewicowałyby	lewicować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lewicowałybyście	lewicować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lewicowałybyśmy	lewicować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lewicowały	lewicować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lewicowały	lewicować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lewicowałyście	lewicować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lewicowałyśmy	lewicować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lewicowaniach	lewicować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowania	lewicować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowania	lewicować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowaniami	lewicować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowanie	lewicować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowaniem	lewicować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowaniom	lewicować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowaniu	lewicować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicowano	lewicować	imps:imperf		
lewicowań	lewicować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lewicująca	lewicować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lewicującą	lewicować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lewicującego	lewicować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lewicującego	lewicować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewicującej	lewicować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lewicujące	lewicować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewicujące	lewicować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewicującemu	lewicować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewicując	lewicować	pcon:imperf		
lewicująco	lewicować	pacta		
lewicujących	lewicować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewicujących	lewicować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewicujący	lewicować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewicujący	lewicować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lewicujący	lewicować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lewicującymi	lewicować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewicującym	lewicować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewicującym	lewicować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewicują	lewicować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lewicujcie	lewicować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lewicujecie	lewicować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lewicuje	lewicować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lewicujemy	lewicować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lewicujesz	lewicować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lewicuję	lewicować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lewicuj	lewicować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lewicujmy	lewicować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lewicowcach	lewicowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowca	lewicowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowca	lewicowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcami	lewicowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowce	lewicowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowce	lewicowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcem	lewicowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcom	lewicowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcowi	lewicowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowców	lewicowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowców	lewicowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcu	lewicowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcu	lewicowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcy	lewicowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcy	lewicowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowcze	lewicowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowiec	lewicowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowo	lewicowo	adv:pos		
lewicowościach	lewicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowościami	lewicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowością	lewicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowości	lewicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowościom	lewicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowość	lewicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowość	lewicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewicowa	lewicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewicową	lewicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewicową	lewicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewicowego	lewicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewicowego	lewicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewicowej	lewicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewicowej	lewicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewicowej	lewicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewicowe	lewicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewicowe	lewicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewicowe	lewicowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewicowe	lewicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewicowemu	lewicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewicowi	lewicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewicowo	lewicowy	adja		
lewicowych	lewicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewicowych	lewicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewicowych	lewicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewicowy	lewicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewicowy	lewicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewicowymi	lewicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewicowym	lewicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewicowym	lewicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewicowym	lewicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewińscy	lewiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewińska	lewiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewińską	lewiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewińską	lewiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewińskich	lewiński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewińskich	lewiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewińskich	lewiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewińskiego	lewiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewińskiego	lewiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewińskiej	lewiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewińskiej	lewiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewińskiej	lewiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewińskie	lewiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewińskie	lewiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewińskie	lewiński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewińskie	lewiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewińskiemu	lewiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewiński	lewiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewiński	lewiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewińskimi	lewiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewińskim	lewiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewińskim	lewiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewińskim	lewiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewińsko	lewiński	adja		
lewińsku	lewiński	adjp		
lewińsko	lewińsko	adv:pos		
lewińskościach	lewińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskościami	lewińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskością	lewińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskości	lewińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskościom	lewińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskość	lewińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewińskość	lewińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewiracie	lewirat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiracie	lewirat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiratach	lewirat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiratami	lewirat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiratem	lewirat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewirat	lewirat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewirat	lewirat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiratom	lewirat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiratowi	lewirat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiratów	lewirat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiratu	lewirat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiraty	lewirat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiraty	lewirat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewiraty	lewirat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewicie	lewita	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewicie	lewita	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewici	lewita	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewici	lewita	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitach	lewita	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewita	lewita	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitami	lewita	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitą	lewita	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitę	lewita	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewito	lewita	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitom	lewita	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitów	lewita	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitów	lewita	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewity	lewita	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewity	lewita	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewity	lewita	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacjach	lewitacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacja	lewitacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacjami	lewitacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacją	lewitacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacje	lewitacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacje	lewitacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacje	lewitacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitację	lewitacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacji	lewitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lewitacji	lewitacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacji	lewitacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacji	lewitacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacjo	lewitacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacjom	lewitacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyj	lewitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lewitacyjnościach	lewitacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjnościami	lewitacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjnością	lewitacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjności	lewitacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjnościom	lewitacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjność	lewitacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjność	lewitacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewitacyjna	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewitacyjną	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewitacyjną	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewitacyjnego	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewitacyjnego	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewitacyjnej	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewitacyjnej	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewitacyjnej	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewitacyjne	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewitacyjne	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewitacyjne	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewitacyjne	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewitacyjnemu	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewitacyjni	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewitacyjno	lewitacyjny	adja		
lewitacyjnych	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewitacyjnych	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewitacyjnych	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewitacyjny	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewitacyjny	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewitacyjnymi	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewitacyjnym	lewitacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewitacyjnym	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewitacyjnym	lewitacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewitce	lewitka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitce	lewitka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitek	lewitka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitkach	lewitka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitka	lewitka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitkami	lewitka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitką	lewitka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitkę	lewitka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitki	lewitka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitki	lewitka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitki	lewitka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitki	lewitka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitko	lewitka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitkom	lewitka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lewitować	lewitować	inf:imperf		
lewitowaliby	lewitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lewitowalibyście	lewitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lewitowalibyśmy	lewitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lewitowali	lewitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lewitowali	lewitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lewitowaliście	lewitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lewitowaliśmy	lewitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lewitowałaby	lewitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lewitowałabym	lewitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lewitowałabyś	lewitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lewitowała	lewitować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lewitowała	lewitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lewitowałam	lewitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lewitowałaś	lewitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lewitowałby	lewitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lewitowałbym	lewitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lewitowałbyś	lewitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lewitowałem	lewitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lewitowałeś	lewitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lewitował	lewitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lewitował	lewitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lewitowałoby	lewitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lewitowałobym	lewitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lewitowałobyś	lewitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lewitowało	lewitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lewitowało	lewitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lewitowałom	lewitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lewitowałoś	lewitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lewitowałyby	lewitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lewitowałybyście	lewitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lewitowałybyśmy	lewitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lewitowały	lewitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lewitowały	lewitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lewitowałyście	lewitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lewitowałyśmy	lewitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lewitowaniach	lewitować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowania	lewitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowania	lewitować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowaniami	lewitować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowanie	lewitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowaniem	lewitować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowaniom	lewitować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowaniu	lewitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitowano	lewitować	imps:imperf		
lewitowań	lewitować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lewitująca	lewitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lewitującą	lewitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lewitującego	lewitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lewitującego	lewitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewitującej	lewitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lewitujące	lewitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewitujące	lewitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewitującemu	lewitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewitując	lewitować	pcon:imperf		
lewitująco	lewitować	pacta		
lewitujących	lewitować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewitujących	lewitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewitujący	lewitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lewitujący	lewitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lewitujący	lewitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lewitującymi	lewitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewitującym	lewitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lewitującym	lewitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lewitują	lewitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lewitujcie	lewitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lewitujecie	lewitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lewituje	lewitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lewitujemy	lewitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lewitujesz	lewitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lewituję	lewitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lewituj	lewitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lewitujmy	lewitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lewiznach	lewizna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizna	lewizna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewiznami	lewizna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizną	lewizna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewiznę	lewizna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizn	lewizna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizno	lewizna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewiznom	lewizna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizny	lewizna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizny	lewizna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizny	lewizna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewizny	lewizna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewiźnie	lewizna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewiźnie	lewizna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewce	lewka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewce	lewka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewek	lewka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkach	lewka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewka	lewka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkami	lewka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewką	lewka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkę	lewka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewki	lewka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewki	lewka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewki	lewka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewki	lewka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewko	lewka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkom	lewka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkoniach	lewkonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonia	lewkonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkoniami	lewkonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonią	lewkonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonie	lewkonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonie	lewkonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonie	lewkonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonię	lewkonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonii	lewkonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.|hom.
lewkonii	lewkonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonii	lewkonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonii	lewkonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkonij	lewkonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|bot.|char.
lewkonio	lewkonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkoniom	lewkonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lewkowościach	lewkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowościami	lewkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowością	lewkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowości	lewkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowościom	lewkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowość	lewkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowość	lewkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewkowa	lewkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewkową	lewkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewkową	lewkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewkowego	lewkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewkowego	lewkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewkowej	lewkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewkowej	lewkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewkowej	lewkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewkowe	lewkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewkowe	lewkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewkowe	lewkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewkowe	lewkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewkowemu	lewkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewkowi	lewkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewkowo	lewkowy	adja		
lewkowych	lewkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewkowych	lewkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewkowych	lewkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewkowy	lewkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewkowy	lewkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewkowymi	lewkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewkowym	lewkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewkowym	lewkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewkowym	lewkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewobocznościach	lewoboczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobocznościami	lewoboczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobocznością	lewoboczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczności	lewoboczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobocznościom	lewoboczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczność	lewoboczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczność	lewoboczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoboczna	lewoboczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewoboczną	lewoboczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewoboczną	lewoboczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewobocznego	lewoboczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewobocznego	lewoboczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewobocznej	lewoboczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewobocznej	lewoboczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewobocznej	lewoboczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewoboczne	lewoboczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewoboczne	lewoboczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewoboczne	lewoboczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewoboczne	lewoboczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewobocznemu	lewoboczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoboczni	lewoboczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewoboczno	lewoboczny	adja		
lewobocznych	lewoboczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewobocznych	lewoboczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewobocznych	lewoboczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoboczny	lewoboczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewoboczny	lewoboczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewobocznymi	lewoboczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewobocznym	lewoboczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewobocznym	lewoboczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewobocznym	lewoboczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewobrzeżach	lewobrzeże	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeża	lewobrzeże	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeża	lewobrzeże	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeża	lewobrzeże	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeża	lewobrzeże	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżami	lewobrzeże	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeże	lewobrzeże	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeże	lewobrzeże	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeże	lewobrzeże	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżem	lewobrzeże	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżom	lewobrzeże	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżu	lewobrzeże	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżu	lewobrzeże	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeży	lewobrzeże	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżnościach	lewobrzeżność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżnościami	lewobrzeżność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżnością	lewobrzeżność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżności	lewobrzeżność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżnościom	lewobrzeżność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżność	lewobrzeżność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżność	lewobrzeżność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewobrzeżna	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewobrzeżną	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewobrzeżną	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewobrzeżnego	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewobrzeżnego	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewobrzeżnej	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewobrzeżnej	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewobrzeżnej	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewobrzeżne	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewobrzeżne	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewobrzeżne	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewobrzeżne	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewobrzeżnemu	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewobrzeżni	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewobrzeżno	lewobrzeżny	adja		
lewobrzeżnych	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewobrzeżnych	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewobrzeżnych	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewobrzeżny	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewobrzeżny	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewobrzeżnymi	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewobrzeżnym	lewobrzeżny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewobrzeżnym	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewobrzeżnym	lewobrzeżny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewo	lewo:d	adv:pos		
lewonożnościach	lewonożność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożnościami	lewonożność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożnością	lewonożność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożności	lewonożność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożnościom	lewonożność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożność	lewonożność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożność	lewonożność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewonożna	lewonożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewonożną	lewonożny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewonożną	lewonożny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewonożnego	lewonożny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewonożnego	lewonożny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewonożnej	lewonożny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewonożnej	lewonożny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewonożnej	lewonożny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewonożne	lewonożny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewonożne	lewonożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewonożne	lewonożny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewonożne	lewonożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewonożnemu	lewonożny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewonożni	lewonożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewonożno	lewonożny	adja		
lewonożnych	lewonożny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewonożnych	lewonożny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewonożnych	lewonożny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewonożny	lewonożny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewonożny	lewonożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewonożnymi	lewonożny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewonożnym	lewonożny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewonożnym	lewonożny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewonożnym	lewonożny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworącz	leworącz	adv		rzad.
leworęczna	leworęczna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczna	leworęczna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczną	leworęczna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczną	leworęczna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznej	leworęczna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznej	leworęczna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznej	leworęczna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczne	leworęczna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczne	leworęczna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczne	leworęczna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznych	leworęczna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznych	leworęczna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznymi	leworęczna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznym	leworęczna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznościach	leworęczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznościami	leworęczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznością	leworęczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczności	leworęczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznościom	leworęczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczność	leworęczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczność	leworęczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczna	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leworęczną	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leworęczną	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leworęcznego	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leworęcznego	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworęcznej	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leworęcznej	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leworęcznej	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leworęczne	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leworęczne	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leworęczne	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leworęczne	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leworęcznemu	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworęczni	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leworęczno	leworęczny:a	adja		
leworęcznych	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leworęcznych	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworęcznych	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworęczny	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leworęczny	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leworęcznymi	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworęcznym	leworęczny:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworęcznym	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworęcznym	leworęczny:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworęcznego	leworęczny:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznego	leworęczny:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczne	leworęczny:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczne	leworęczny:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznemu	leworęczny:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczni	leworęczny:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczni	leworęczny:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznych	leworęczny:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznych	leworęczny:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznych	leworęczny:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczny	leworęczny:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęczny	leworęczny:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznymi	leworęczny:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznym	leworęczny:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznym	leworęczny:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcznym	leworęczny:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leworęcy	leworęki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leworęka	leworęki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leworęką	leworęki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leworęką	leworęki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leworękich	leworęki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leworękich	leworęki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworękich	leworęki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworękiego	leworęki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leworękiego	leworęki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworękiej	leworęki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leworękiej	leworęki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leworękiej	leworęki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leworękie	leworęki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leworękie	leworęki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leworękie	leworęki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leworękie	leworęki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leworękiemu	leworęki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworęki	leworęki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leworęki	leworęki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leworękimi	leworęki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworękim	leworęki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leworękim	leworęki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworękim	leworęki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leworęko	leworęki	adja		
leworękościach	leworękość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękościami	leworękość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękością	leworękość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękości	leworękość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękościom	leworękość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękość	leworękość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leworękość	leworękość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewach	lewo:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewa	lewo:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewa	lewo:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewa	lewo:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewa	lewo:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewami	lewo:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewem	lewo:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewie	lewo:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lew	lewo:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewo	lewo:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewo	lewo:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewo	lewo:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewom	lewo:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewu	lewo:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lewoskręcie	lewoskręt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskręcie	lewoskręt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętach	lewoskręt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętami	lewoskręt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętem	lewoskręt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskręt	lewoskręt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskręt	lewoskręt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętom	lewoskręt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętowi	lewoskręt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętów	lewoskręt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętu	lewoskręt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskręty	lewoskręt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskręty	lewoskręt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskręty	lewoskręt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętnie	lewoskrętnie	adv:pos		
lewoskrętnościach	lewoskrętność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętnościami	lewoskrętność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętnością	lewoskrętność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętności	lewoskrętność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętnościom	lewoskrętność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętność	lewoskrętność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętność	lewoskrętność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrętna	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewoskrętną	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewoskrętną	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewoskrętnego	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewoskrętnego	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrętnej	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewoskrętnej	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewoskrętnej	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewoskrętne	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrętne	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrętne	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrętne	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrętnemu	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrętni	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewoskrętno	lewoskrętny	adja		
lewoskrętnych	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewoskrętnych	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrętnych	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrętny	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewoskrętny	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewoskrętnymi	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrętnym	lewoskrętny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrętnym	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrętnym	lewoskrętny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowościach	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowościami	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowością	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowości	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowościom	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowość	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowość	lewoskrzydłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowa	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewoskrzydłową	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewoskrzydłową	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewoskrzydłowego	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowego	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowej	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewoskrzydłowej	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewoskrzydłowej	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewoskrzydłowe	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowe	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowe	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowe	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowemu	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowi	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewoskrzydłowo	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adja		
lewoskrzydłowych	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewoskrzydłowych	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowych	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowy	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowy	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowymi	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowym	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewoskrzydłowym	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowym	lewoskrzydłowy:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewoskrzydłowego	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowego	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowe	lewoskrzydłowy:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowe	lewoskrzydłowy:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowemu	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowi	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowi	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowych	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowych	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowych	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowy	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowy	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowymi	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowym	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowym	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewoskrzydłowym	lewoskrzydłowy:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronnie	lewostronnie	adv:pos		
lewostronnościach	lewostronność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronnościami	lewostronność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronnością	lewostronność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronności	lewostronność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronnościom	lewostronność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronność	lewostronność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronność	lewostronność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewostronna	lewostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewostronną	lewostronny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewostronną	lewostronny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewostronnego	lewostronny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewostronnego	lewostronny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewostronnej	lewostronny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewostronnej	lewostronny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewostronnej	lewostronny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewostronne	lewostronny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewostronne	lewostronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewostronne	lewostronny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewostronne	lewostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewostronnemu	lewostronny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewostronni	lewostronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewostronno	lewostronny	adja		
lewostronnych	lewostronny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewostronnych	lewostronny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewostronnych	lewostronny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewostronny	lewostronny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewostronny	lewostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewostronnymi	lewostronny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewostronnym	lewostronny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewostronnym	lewostronny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewostronnym	lewostronny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewościach	lewość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewościami	lewość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewością	lewość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewości	lewość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewościom	lewość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewość	lewość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewość	lewość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewach	lew:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewa	lew:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewa	lew:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewami	lew:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewem	lew:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewie	lew:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewie	lew:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lew	lew:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewom	lew:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewowi	lew:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewów	lew:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lew:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lew:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lew:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lew	lew:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwach	lew:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwa	lew:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwa	lew:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwami	lew:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwem	lew:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwie	lew:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwie	lew:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwom	lew:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwów	lew:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwu	lew:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwy	lew:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwy	lew:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lwy	lew:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lewulozach	lewuloza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewuloza	lewuloza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozami	lewuloza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozą	lewuloza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozę	lewuloza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozie	lewuloza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozie	lewuloza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewuloz	lewuloza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozo	lewuloza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozom	lewuloza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozy	lewuloza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozy	lewuloza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozy	lewuloza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewulozy	lewuloza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lewusach	lewus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusa	lewus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusa	lewus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusami	lewus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusem	lewus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusie	lewus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusie	lewus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusi	lewus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusi	lewus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewus	lewus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusom	lewus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusowi	lewus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusów	lewus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusów	lewus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusy	lewus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewusy	lewus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lewa	lewy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lewą	lewy:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lewą	lewy:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lewego	lewy:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lewego	lewy:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewej	lewy:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lewej	lewy:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lewej	lewy:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lewe	lewy:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewe	lewy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lewe	lewy:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lewe	lewy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lewemu	lewy:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewi	lewy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lewo	lewy:a	adja		
lewych	lewy:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lewych	lewy:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewych	lewy:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewy	lewy:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lewy	lewy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lewymi	lewy:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewym	lewy:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lewym	lewy:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewym	lewy:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lewego	lewy:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewe	lewy:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewe	lewy:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewe	lewy:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewemu	lewy:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewych	lewy:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewych	lewy:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lewy:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lewy:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewy	lewy:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewymi	lewy:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewym	lewy:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewym	lewy:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lewym	lewy:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lexusach	lexus	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusa	lexus	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusa	lexus	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusami	lexus	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusem	lexus	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusie	lexus	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusie	lexus	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexus	lexus	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusom	lexus	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusowi	lexus	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusów	lexus	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusy	lexus	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusy	lexus	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lexusy	lexus	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskich	lezgijski	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskich	lezgijski	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskiego	lezgijski	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskie	lezgijski	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskie	lezgijski	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskie	lezgijski	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskiemu	lezgijski	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijski	lezgijski	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijski	lezgijski	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijski	lezgijski	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskimi	lezgijski	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskim	lezgijski	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskim	lezgijski	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgijskim	lezgijski	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgince	lezginka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezgince	lezginka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginek	lezginka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginkach	lezginka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginka	lezginka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginkami	lezginka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginką	lezginka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginkę	lezginka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginki	lezginka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginki	lezginka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginki	lezginka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginki	lezginka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginko	lezginka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezginkom	lezginka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	chor.|muz.
lezgińscy	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lezgińska	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lezgińską	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lezgińską	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lezgińskich	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lezgińskich	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lezgińskich	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lezgińskiego	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lezgińskiego	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lezgińskiej	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lezgińskiej	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lezgińskiej	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lezgińskie	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lezgińskie	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lezgińskie	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lezgińskie	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lezgińskiemu	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lezgiński	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lezgiński	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lezgińskimi	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lezgińskim	lezgiński:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lezgińskim	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lezgińskim	lezgiński:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lezgińsko	lezgiński:a	adja		
lezgińsku	lezgiński:a	adjp		
lezgińskich	lezgiński:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskich	lezgiński:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskiego	lezgiński:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskie	lezgiński:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskie	lezgiński:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskie	lezgiński:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskiemu	lezgiński:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgiński	lezgiński:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgiński	lezgiński:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgiński	lezgiński:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskimi	lezgiński:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskim	lezgiński:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskim	lezgiński:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskim	lezgiński:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińsko	lezgińsko	adv:pos		
lezgińskościach	lezgińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskościami	lezgińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskością	lezgińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskości	lezgińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskościom	lezgińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskość	lezgińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lezgińskość	lezgińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leziwach	leziwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwa	leziwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwa	leziwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwa	leziwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwa	leziwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwami	leziwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwem	leziwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwie	leziwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziw	leziwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwo	leziwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwo	leziwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwo	leziwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwom	leziwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leziwu	leziwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lezjach	lezja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezja	lezja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezjami	lezja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezją	lezja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezje	lezja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezje	lezja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezje	lezja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezję	lezja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezji	lezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
lezji	lezja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezji	lezja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezji	lezja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezjo	lezja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezjom	lezja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lezyj	lezja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
lazłaby	leźć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłabym	leźć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
lazłabyś	leźć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
lazła	leźć	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
lazła	leźć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłam	leźć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
lazłaś	leźć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
lazłby	leźć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłbym	leźć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
lazłbyś	leźć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
lazłem	leźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
lazłeś	leźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
lazł	leźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
lazł	leźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłoby	leźć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłobym	leźć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
lazłobyś	leźć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
lazło	leźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
lazło	leźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłom	leźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
lazłoś	leźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
lazłyby	leźć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłybyście	leźć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
lazłybyśmy	leźć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
lazły	leźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
lazły	leźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
lazłyście	leźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
lazłyśmy	leźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
leząca	leźć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lezącą	leźć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lezącego	leźć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lezącego	leźć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lezącej	leźć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lezące	leźć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lezące	leźć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lezącemu	leźć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leząc	leźć	pcon:imperf		pot.
leząco	leźć	pacta		
lezących	leźć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lezących	leźć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lezący	leźć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lezący	leźć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lezący	leźć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lezącymi	leźć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lezącym	leźć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lezącym	leźć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lezą	leźć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
lezę	leźć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
leziecie	leźć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
lezie	leźć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
leziemy	leźć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
lezieniach	leźć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezienia	leźć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezienia	leźć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniami	leźć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lezienie	leźć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniem	leźć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniom	leźć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniu	leźć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezień	leźć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leziesz	leźć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
leziono	leźć	imps:imperf		pot.
leźcie	leźć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
leźć	leźć	inf:imperf		pot.
leź	leźć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
leźliby	leźć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
leźlibyście	leźć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
leźlibyśmy	leźć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
leźli	leźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
leźli	leźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
leźliście	leźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
leźliśmy	leźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
leźmy	leźć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
leżach	leż	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżami	leż	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżą	leż	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leże	leż	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leże	leż	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leże	leż	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leż	leż	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leż	leż	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżom	leż	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leży	leż	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leży	leż	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leży	leż	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leży	leż	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leży	leż	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżach	leża	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leża	leża	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżami	leża	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżą	leża	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leże	leża	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leże	leża	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leże	leża	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżę	leża	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leż	leża	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżo	leża	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżom	leża	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leży	leża	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leży	leża	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leży	leża	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżajscy	leżajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leżajska	leżajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leżajską	leżajski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leżajską	leżajski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leżajskich	leżajski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leżajskich	leżajski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżajskich	leżajski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżajskiego	leżajski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leżajskiego	leżajski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżajskiej	leżajski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leżajskiej	leżajski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leżajskiej	leżajski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leżajskie	leżajski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leżajskie	leżajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leżajskie	leżajski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leżajskie	leżajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leżajskiemu	leżajski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżajski	leżajski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leżajski	leżajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leżajskimi	leżajski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżajskim	leżajski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżajskim	leżajski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżajskim	leżajski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżajsko	leżajski	adja		
leżajsku	leżajski	adjp		
leżajsko	leżajsko	adv:pos		
leżajskościach	leżajskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskościami	leżajskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskością	leżajskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskości	leżajskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskościom	leżajskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskość	leżajskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżajskość	leżajskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakach	leżak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżaka	leżak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżakami	leżak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżakiem	leżak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżaki	leżak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżaki	leżak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżaki	leżak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżak	leżak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżak	leżak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżakom	leżak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowi	leżak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżaków	leżak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżaku	leżak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżaku	leżak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżakować	leżakować:v1	inf:imperf		
leżakowaliby	leżakować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leżakowalibyście	leżakować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leżakowalibyśmy	leżakować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leżakowali	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leżakowali	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leżakowaliście	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leżakowaliśmy	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leżakowałaby	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leżakowałabym	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leżakowałabyś	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leżakowała	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leżakowała	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leżakowałam	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leżakowałaś	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leżakowałby	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałbym	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leżakowałbyś	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leżakowałem	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leżakowałeś	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leżakował	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leżakował	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałoby	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leżakowałobym	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leżakowałobyś	leżakować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leżakowało	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leżakowało	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leżakowałom	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leżakowałoś	leżakować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leżakowałyby	leżakować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałybyście	leżakować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leżakowałybyśmy	leżakować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leżakowały	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leżakowały	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałyście	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leżakowałyśmy	leżakować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leżakowaniach	leżakować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowania	leżakować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowania	leżakować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniami	leżakować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowanie	leżakować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniem	leżakować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniom	leżakować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniu	leżakować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowano	leżakować:v1	imps:imperf		
leżakowań	leżakować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakująca	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leżakującą	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leżakującego	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leżakującego	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakującej	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leżakujące	leżakować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakujące	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakującemu	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakując	leżakować:v1	pcon:imperf		
leżakująco	leżakować:v1	pacta		
leżakujących	leżakować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżakujących	leżakować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakujący	leżakować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżakujący	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leżakujący	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leżakującymi	leżakować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakującym	leżakować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakującym	leżakować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakują	leżakować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leżakujcie	leżakować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leżakujecie	leżakować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leżakuje	leżakować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leżakujemy	leżakować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leżakujesz	leżakować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leżakuję	leżakować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leżakuj	leżakować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leżakujmy	leżakować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leżakować	leżakować:v2	inf:imperf		
leżakowaliby	leżakować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leżakowalibyście	leżakować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leżakowalibyśmy	leżakować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leżakowali	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leżakowali	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leżakowaliście	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leżakowaliśmy	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leżakowałaby	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leżakowałabym	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leżakowałabyś	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leżakowała	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leżakowała	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leżakowałam	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leżakowałaś	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leżakowałby	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałbym	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leżakowałbyś	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leżakowałem	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leżakowałeś	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leżakował	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leżakował	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałoby	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leżakowałobym	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leżakowałobyś	leżakować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leżakowało	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leżakowało	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leżakowałom	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leżakowałoś	leżakować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leżakowałyby	leżakować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałybyście	leżakować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leżakowałybyśmy	leżakować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leżakowały	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leżakowały	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leżakowałyście	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leżakowałyśmy	leżakować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leżakowana	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leżakowaną	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leżakowanego	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leżakowanego	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowanej	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leżakowane	leżakować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakowane	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowanemu	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniach	leżakować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowania	leżakować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowania	leżakować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniami	leżakować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowanie	leżakować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniem	leżakować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowani	leżakować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniom	leżakować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowaniu	leżakować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowano	leżakować:v2	imps:imperf		
leżakowanych	leżakować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżakowanych	leżakować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakowany	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leżakowany	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leżakowanymi	leżakować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakowanym	leżakować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakowanym	leżakować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakowań	leżakować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leżakująca	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leżakującą	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leżakującego	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leżakującego	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakującej	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leżakujące	leżakować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakujące	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakującemu	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakując	leżakować:v2	pcon:imperf		
leżakująco	leżakować:v2	pacta		
leżakujących	leżakować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżakujących	leżakować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakujący	leżakować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżakujący	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leżakujący	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leżakującymi	leżakować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakującym	leżakować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżakującym	leżakować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżakują	leżakować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leżakujcie	leżakować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leżakujecie	leżakować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leżakuje	leżakować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leżakujemy	leżakować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leżakujesz	leżakować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leżakuję	leżakować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leżakuj	leżakować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leżakujmy	leżakować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leżakowniach	leżakownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakownia	leżakownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowniami	leżakownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakownią	leżakownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakownie	leżakownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakownie	leżakownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakownie	leżakownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakownię	leżakownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowni	leżakownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowni	leżakownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowni	leżakownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowni	leżakownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakownio	leżakownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowniom	leżakownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowościach	leżakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowościami	leżakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowością	leżakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowości	leżakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowościom	leżakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowość	leżakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowość	leżakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżakowa	leżakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leżakową	leżakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leżakową	leżakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leżakowego	leżakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leżakowego	leżakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżakowej	leżakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leżakowej	leżakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leżakowej	leżakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leżakowe	leżakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leżakowe	leżakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leżakowe	leżakowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leżakowe	leżakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leżakowemu	leżakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżakowi	leżakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leżakowo	leżakowy	adja		
leżakowych	leżakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leżakowych	leżakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżakowych	leżakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżakowy	leżakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leżakowy	leżakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leżakowymi	leżakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżakowym	leżakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżakowym	leżakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżakowym	leżakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżalniach	leżalnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalnia	leżalnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalniami	leżalnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalnią	leżalnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalnie	leżalnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalnie	leżalnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalnie	leżalnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalnię	leżalnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalni	leżalnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
leżalni	leżalnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalni	leżalnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalni	leżalnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalnio	leżalnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalniom	leżalnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżalń	leżalnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
leżałce	leżałka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałce	leżałka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałek	leżałka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałkach	leżałka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałka	leżałka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałkami	leżałka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałką	leżałka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałkę	leżałka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałki	leżałka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałki	leżałka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałki	leżałka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałki	leżałka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałko	leżałka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałkom	leżałka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałościach	leżałość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałościami	leżałość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałością	leżałość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałości	leżałość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałościom	leżałość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałość	leżałość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżałość	leżałość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
leżali	leżały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
leżała	leżały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
leżałą	leżały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
leżałą	leżały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
leżałego	leżały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
leżałego	leżały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leżałej	leżały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
leżałej	leżały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
leżałej	leżały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
leżałe	leżały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leżałe	leżały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leżałe	leżały	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
leżałe	leżały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
leżałemu	leżały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leżało	leżały	adja		daw.
leżałych	leżały	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
leżałych	leżały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leżałych	leżały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leżały	leżały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
leżały	leżały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
leżałymi	leżały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leżałym	leżały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
leżałym	leżały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leżałym	leżały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
leżaninach	leżanina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanina	leżanina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaninami	leżanina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaniną	leżanina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaninę	leżanina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaninie	leżanina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaninie	leżanina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanin	leżanina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanino	leżanina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaninom	leżanina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaniny	leżanina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaniny	leżanina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaniny	leżanina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżaniny	leżanina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżance	leżanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżance	leżanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanek	leżanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżankach	leżanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanka	leżanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżankami	leżanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanką	leżanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżankę	leżanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanki	leżanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanki	leżanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanki	leżanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanki	leżanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżanko	leżanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżankom	leżanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżąca	leżąca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżąca	leżąca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżącą	leżąca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżącą	leżąca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżącej	leżąca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżącej	leżąca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżącej	leżąca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżące	leżąca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżące	leżąca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżące	leżąca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżących	leżąca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżących	leżąca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżącymi	leżąca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżącym	leżąca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżąco	leżąco	adv:pos		
leżąca	leżący:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
leżącą	leżący:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
leżącą	leżący:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
leżącego	leżący:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
leżącego	leżący:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżącej	leżący:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
leżącej	leżący:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
leżącej	leżący:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
leżące	leżący:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leżące	leżący:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
leżące	leżący:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
leżące	leżący:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
leżącemu	leżący:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżąco	leżący:a	adja		
leżących	leżący:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
leżących	leżący:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżących	leżący:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżący	leżący:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
leżący	leżący:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
leżący	leżący:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
leżącymi	leżący:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżącym	leżący:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
leżącym	leżący:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżącym	leżący:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
leżącego	leżący:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżącego	leżący:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżące	leżący:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leżące	leżący:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
leżącemu	leżący:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżących	leżący:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżących	leżący:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżących	leżący:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżący	leżący:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżący	leżący:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżący	leżący:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżący	leżący:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżącymi	leżący:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżącym	leżący:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżącym	leżący:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżącym	leżący:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
leżach	leże	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leża	leże	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leża	leże	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leża	leże	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leża	leże	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leżami	leże	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leże	leże	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leże	leże	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leże	leże	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leżem	leże	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leżom	leże	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leżu	leże	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leżu	leże	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leży	leże	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
leżałaby	leżeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leżałabym	leżeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leżałabyś	leżeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leżała	leżeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
leżała	leżeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
leżałam	leżeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
leżałaś	leżeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
leżałby	leżeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leżałbym	leżeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leżałbyś	leżeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leżałem	leżeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
leżałeś	leżeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
leżał	leżeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
leżał	leżeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
leżałoby	leżeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leżałobym	leżeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leżałobyś	leżeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leżało	leżeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
leżało	leżeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
leżałom	leżeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
leżałoś	leżeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
leżałyby	leżeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leżałybyście	leżeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leżałybyśmy	leżeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leżały	leżeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
leżały	leżeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
leżałyście	leżeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
leżałyśmy	leżeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
leżano	leżeć	imps:imperf		
leżąca	leżeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
leżącą	leżeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
leżącego	leżeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
leżącego	leżeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżącej	leżeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
leżące	leżeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżące	leżeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżącemu	leżeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżąc	leżeć	pcon:imperf		
leżąco	leżeć	pacta		
leżących	leżeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżących	leżeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżący	leżeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
leżący	leżeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
leżący	leżeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
leżącymi	leżeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżącym	leżeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
leżącym	leżeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
leżą	leżeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
leżcie	leżeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
leżeć	leżeć	inf:imperf		
leżeliby	leżeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leżelibyście	leżeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leżelibyśmy	leżeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leżeli	leżeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
leżeli	leżeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
leżeliście	leżeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
leżeliśmy	leżeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
leżeniach	leżeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżenia	leżeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżenia	leżeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leżeniami	leżeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leżenie	leżeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżeniem	leżeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
leżeniom	leżeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
leżeniu	leżeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
leżeń	leżeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leżę	leżeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
leż	leżeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
leżmy	leżeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
leżycie	leżeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
leży	leżeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
leżymy	leżeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
leżysz	leżeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
leżeń	leżeń	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniach	leżeń	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżnia	leżeń	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżnia	leżeń	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniami	leżeń	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżnie	leżeń	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżnie	leżeń	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżnie	leżeń	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżnie	leżeń	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniem	leżeń	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniom	leżeń	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniowi	leżeń	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniów	leżeń	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniów	leżeń	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniu	leżeń	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniu	leżeń	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
leżniach	leżnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnia	leżnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżniami	leżnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnią	leżnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnie	leżnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnie	leżnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnie	leżnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnię	leżnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżni	leżnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżni	leżnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżni	leżnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżni	leżnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnio	leżnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżniom	leżnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
leżnikach	leżnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżnika	leżnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżnikami	leżnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżnikiem	leżnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżniki	leżnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżniki	leżnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżniki	leżnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżnik	leżnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżnik	leżnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżnikom	leżnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżnikowi	leżnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżników	leżnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżniku	leżnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżniku	leżnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
leżyskach	leżysko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżyska	leżysko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżyska	leżysko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżyska	leżysko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżyska	leżysko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżyskami	leżysko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżyskiem	leżysko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżysk	leżysko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżysko	leżysko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżysko	leżysko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżysko	leżysko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżyskom	leżysko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżysku	leżysko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
leżysku	leżysko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lęborscy	lęborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lęborska	lęborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lęborską	lęborski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lęborską	lęborski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lęborskich	lęborski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lęborskich	lęborski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęborskich	lęborski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęborskiego	lęborski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lęborskiego	lęborski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lęborskiej	lęborski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lęborskiej	lęborski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lęborskiej	lęborski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lęborskie	lęborski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lęborskie	lęborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lęborskie	lęborski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lęborskie	lęborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lęborskiemu	lęborski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lęborski	lęborski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lęborski	lęborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lęborskimi	lęborski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęborskim	lęborski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęborskim	lęborski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lęborskim	lęborski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lęborsko	lęborski	adja		
lęborsku	lęborski	adjp		
lęborsko	lęborsko	adv:pos		
lęborskościach	lęborskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskościami	lęborskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskością	lęborskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskości	lęborskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskościom	lęborskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskość	lęborskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęborskość	lęborskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęczek	lęczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczek	lęczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczkach	lęczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczkami	lęczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczkiem	lęczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczki	lęczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczki	lęczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczki	lęczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczkom	lęczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczkowi	lęczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczków	lęczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczku	lęczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczku	lęczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęczku	lęczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińscy	lędziński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lędzińska	lędziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lędzińską	lędziński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lędzińską	lędziński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lędzińskich	lędziński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lędzińskich	lędziński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lędzińskich	lędziński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lędzińskiego	lędziński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lędzińskiego	lędziński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lędzińskiej	lędziński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lędzińskiej	lędziński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lędzińskiej	lędziński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lędzińskie	lędziński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lędzińskie	lędziński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lędzińskie	lędziński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lędzińskie	lędziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lędzińskiemu	lędziński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lędziński	lędziński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lędziński	lędziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lędzińskimi	lędziński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lędzińskim	lędziński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lędzińskim	lędziński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lędzińskim	lędziński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lędzińsko	lędziński	adja		
lędzińsku	lędziński	adjp		
lędzińsko	lędzińsko	adv:pos		
lędzińskościach	lędzińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskościami	lędzińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskością	lędzińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskości	lędzińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskościom	lędzińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskość	lędzińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędzińskość	lędzińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianach	lędźwian	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianami	lędźwian	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianem	lędźwian	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianie	lędźwian	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianie	lędźwian	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwian	lędźwian	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwian	lędźwian	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianom	lędźwian	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianowi	lędźwian	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianów	lędźwian	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwianu	lędźwian	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiany	lędźwian	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiany	lędźwian	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiany	lędźwian	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicach	lędźwica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwica	lędźwica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicami	lędźwica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicą	lędźwica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwice	lędźwica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwice	lędźwica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwice	lędźwica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicę	lędźwica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwic	lędźwica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwico	lędźwica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicom	lędźwica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicy	lędźwica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicy	lędźwica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwicy	lędźwica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiach	lędźwie	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
lędźwiami	lędźwie	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
lędźwie	lędźwie	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
lędźwie	lędźwie	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
lędźwie	lędźwie	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
lędźwi	lędźwie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
lędźwiom	lędźwie	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	anat.
lędźwiowościach	lędźwiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowościami	lędźwiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowością	lędźwiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowości	lędźwiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowościom	lędźwiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowość	lędźwiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowość	lędźwiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lędźwiowa	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		anat.
lędźwiową	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		anat.
lędźwiową	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		anat.
lędźwiowego	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		anat.
lędźwiowego	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		anat.
lędźwiowej	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		anat.
lędźwiowej	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		anat.
lędźwiowej	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		anat.
lędźwiowe	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowe	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowe	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		anat.
lędźwiowe	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		anat.
lędźwiowemu	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		anat.
lędźwiowi	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		anat.
lędźwiowo	lędźwiowy	adja		anat.
lędźwiowych	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		anat.
lędźwiowych	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowych	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowy	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowy	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowymi	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowym	lędźwiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		anat.
lędźwiowym	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		anat.
lędźwiowym	lędźwiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		anat.
lęgach	lęg	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgami	lęg	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgiem	lęg	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgi	lęg	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgi	lęg	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgi	lęg	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęg	lęg	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęg	lęg	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgom	lęg	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowi	lęg	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgów	lęg	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgu	lęg	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgu	lęg	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęgu	lęg	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ląc	lęgnąć	inf:imperf		
lągłby	lęgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lągłbym	lęgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lągłbyś	lęgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lągłem	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lągłeś	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lągł	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lągł	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lęgliby	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lęglibyście	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lęglibyśmy	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lęgli	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lęgli	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lęgliście	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lęgliśmy	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lęgłaby	lęgnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lęgłabym	lęgnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lęgłabyś	lęgnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lęgła	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lęgła	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lęgłam	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lęgłaś	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lęgłoby	lęgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lęgłobym	lęgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lęgłobyś	lęgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lęgło	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lęgło	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lęgłom	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lęgłoś	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lęgłyby	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lęgłybyście	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lęgłybyśmy	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lęgły	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lęgły	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lęgłyście	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lęgłyśmy	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lęgnąca	lęgnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lęgnącą	lęgnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lęgnącego	lęgnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lęgnącego	lęgnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnącej	lęgnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lęgnące	lęgnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnące	lęgnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnącemu	lęgnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnąc	lęgnąć	pcon:imperf		
lęgnąc	lęgnąć	pcon:imperf		rzad.
lęgnąco	lęgnąć	pacta		
lęgnących	lęgnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęgnących	lęgnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnący	lęgnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęgnący	lęgnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lęgnący	lęgnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lęgnącymi	lęgnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnącym	lęgnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęgnącym	lęgnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnąć	lęgnąć	inf:imperf		
lęgnąć	lęgnąć	inf:imperf		rzad.
lęgną	lęgnąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lęgną	lęgnąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnąłby	lęgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnąłbym	lęgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnąłbyś	lęgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnąłem	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnąłeś	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnął	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
lęgnął	lęgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnę	lęgnąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lęgnę	lęgnąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęliby	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęlibyście	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęlibyśmy	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęli	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęli	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęliście	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęliśmy	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłaby	lęgnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłabym	lęgnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłabyś	lęgnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęła	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęła	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłam	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłaś	lęgnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłoby	lęgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłobym	lęgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłobyś	lęgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęło	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęło	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłom	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłoś	lęgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłyby	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłybyście	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłybyśmy	lęgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęły	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęły	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłyście	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnęłyśmy	lęgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgniecie	lęgnąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lęgniecie	lęgnąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnie	lęgnąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lęgnie	lęgnąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęgniemy	lęgnąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lęgniemy	lęgnąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgniesz	lęgnąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lęgniesz	lęgnąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnięciach	lęgnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięcia	lęgnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięcia	lęgnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciami	lęgnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięcie	lęgnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciem	lęgnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciom	lęgnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięciu	lęgnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięć	lęgnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lęgnięto	lęgnąć	imps:imperf		
lęgnięto	lęgnąć	imps:imperf		rzad.
lęgnijcie	lęgnąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lęgnijcie	lęgnąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnij	lęgnąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lęgnij	lęgnąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęgnijmy	lęgnąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lęgnijmy	lęgnąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęgniach	lęgnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgnia	lęgnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgniami	lęgnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgnią	lęgnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgnie	lęgnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgnie	lęgnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgnie	lęgnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgnię	lęgnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgni	lęgnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgni	lęgnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgni	lęgnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgni	lęgnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgnio	lęgnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgniom	lęgnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotce	lęgotka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotce	lęgotka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotek	lęgotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotkach	lęgotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotka	lęgotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotkami	lęgotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotką	lęgotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotkę	lęgotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotki	lęgotka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotki	lęgotka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotki	lęgotka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotki	lęgotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotko	lęgotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgotkom	lęgotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiskach	lęgowisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiska	lęgowisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiska	lęgowisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiska	lęgowisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiska	lęgowisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiskami	lęgowisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiskiem	lęgowisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowisk	lęgowisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowisko	lęgowisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowisko	lęgowisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowisko	lęgowisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowiskom	lęgowisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowisku	lęgowisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowisku	lęgowisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowościach	lęgowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowościami	lęgowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowością	lęgowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowości	lęgowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowościom	lęgowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowość	lęgowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowość	lęgowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lęgowa	lęgowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lęgową	lęgowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lęgową	lęgowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lęgowego	lęgowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lęgowego	lęgowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lęgowej	lęgowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lęgowej	lęgowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lęgowej	lęgowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lęgowe	lęgowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lęgowe	lęgowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lęgowe	lęgowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lęgowe	lęgowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lęgowemu	lęgowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lęgowi	lęgowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lęgowo	lęgowy	adja		
lęgowych	lęgowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lęgowych	lęgowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęgowych	lęgowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęgowy	lęgowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lęgowy	lęgowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lęgowymi	lęgowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęgowym	lęgowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lęgowym	lęgowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lęgowym	lęgowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lękach	lęk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lękami	lęk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lękiem	lęk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęki	lęk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęki	lęk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęki	lęk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęk	lęk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęk	lęk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lękom	lęk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lękowi	lęk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęków	lęk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęku	lęk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęku	lęk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lęku	lęk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lękacie	lękać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lękać	lękać	inf:imperf		
lękająca	lękać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lękającą	lękać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lękającego	lękać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lękającego	lękać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lękającej	lękać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lękające	lękać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lękające	lękać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lękającemu	lękać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lękając	lękać	pcon:imperf		
lękająco	lękać	pacta		
lękających	lękać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lękających	lękać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lękający	lękać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lękający	lękać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lękający	lękać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lękającymi	lękać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lękającym	lękać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lękającym	lękać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lękają	lękać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lękajcie	lękać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lękaj	lękać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lękajmy	lękać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lęka	lękać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lękaliby	lękać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lękalibyście	lękać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lękalibyśmy	lękać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lękali	lękać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lękali	lękać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lękaliście	lękać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lękaliśmy	lękać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lękałaby	lękać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lękałabym	lękać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lękałabyś	lękać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lękała	lękać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lękała	lękać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lękałam	lękać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lękałaś	lękać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lękałby	lękać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lękałbym	lękać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lękałbyś	lękać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lękałem	lękać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lękałeś	lękać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lękał	lękać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lękał	lękać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lękałoby	lękać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lękałobym	lękać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lękałobyś	lękać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lękało	lękać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lękało	lękać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lękałom	lękać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lękałoś	lękać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lękałyby	lękać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lękałybyście	lękać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lękałybyśmy	lękać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lękały	lękać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lękały	lękać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lękałyście	lękać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lękałyśmy	lękać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lękam	lękać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lękamy	lękać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lękaniach	lękać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lękania	lękać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lękania	lękać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lękaniami	lękać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lękanie	lękać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lękaniem	lękać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lękaniom	lękać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lękaniu	lękać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lękano	lękać	imps:imperf		
lękań	lękać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lękasz	lękać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lękliwiej	lękliwie	adv:com		
lękliwie	lękliwie	adv:pos		
lękliwościach	lękliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwościami	lękliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwością	lękliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwości	lękliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwościom	lękliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwość	lękliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwość	lękliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękliwa	lękliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lękliwą	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lękliwą	lękliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lękliwego	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lękliwego	lękliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lękliwej	lękliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lękliwej	lękliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lękliwej	lękliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lękliwe	lękliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lękliwe	lękliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lękliwe	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lękliwe	lękliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lękliwemu	lękliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lękliwi	lękliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lękliwo	lękliwy	adja		
lękliwsi	lękliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lękliwsza	lękliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lękliwszą	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lękliwszą	lękliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lękliwszego	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lękliwszego	lękliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lękliwszej	lękliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lękliwszej	lękliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lękliwszej	lękliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lękliwsze	lękliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lękliwsze	lękliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lękliwsze	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lękliwsze	lękliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lękliwszemu	lękliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lękliwszych	lękliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lękliwszych	lękliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lękliwszych	lękliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lękliwszy	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lękliwszy	lękliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lękliwszymi	lękliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lękliwszym	lękliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lękliwszym	lękliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lękliwszym	lękliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lękliwych	lękliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lękliwych	lękliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękliwych	lękliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękliwy	lękliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lękliwy	lękliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lękliwymi	lękliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękliwym	lękliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękliwym	lękliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lękliwym	lękliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ląc	lęknąć	inf:imperf		
ląkłby	lęknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
ląkłbym	lęknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ląkłbyś	lęknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ląkłem	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
ląkłeś	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
ląkł	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
ląkł	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lękliby	lęknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lęklibyście	lęknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lęklibyśmy	lęknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lękli	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lękli	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lękliście	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lękliśmy	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lękłaby	lęknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lękłabym	lęknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lękłabyś	lęknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lękła	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lękła	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lękłam	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lękłaś	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lękłoby	lęknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lękłobym	lęknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lękłobyś	lęknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lękło	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lękło	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lękłom	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lękłoś	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lękłyby	lęknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lękłybyście	lęknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lękłybyśmy	lęknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lękły	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lękły	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lękłyście	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lękłyśmy	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lęknąca	lęknąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lęknącą	lęknąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lęknącego	lęknąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lęknącego	lęknąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknącej	lęknąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lęknące	lęknąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknące	lęknąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknącemu	lęknąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknąc	lęknąć	pcon:imperf		
lęknąc	lęknąć	pcon:imperf		rzad.
lęknąco	lęknąć	pacta		
lęknących	lęknąć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęknących	lęknąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknący	lęknąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lęknący	lęknąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lęknący	lęknąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lęknącymi	lęknąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknącym	lęknąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lęknącym	lęknąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lęknąć	lęknąć	inf:imperf		
lęknąć	lęknąć	inf:imperf		rzad.
lękną	lęknąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lękną	lęknąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknąłby	lęknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknąłbym	lęknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknąłbyś	lęknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknąłem	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknąłeś	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknął	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
lęknął	lęknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknę	lęknąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lęknę	lęknąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęliby	lęknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęlibyście	lęknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęlibyśmy	lęknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęli	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
lęknęli	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęliście	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęliśmy	lęknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłaby	lęknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłabym	lęknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłabyś	lęknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęła	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
lęknęła	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłam	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłaś	lęknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłoby	lęknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłobym	lęknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłobyś	lęknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęło	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
lęknęło	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłom	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłoś	lęknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłyby	lęknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłybyście	lęknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłybyśmy	lęknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lęknęły	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
lęknęły	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłyście	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknęłyśmy	lęknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lękniecie	lęknąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lękniecie	lęknąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknie	lęknąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lęknie	lęknąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
lękniemy	lęknąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lękniemy	lęknąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lękniesz	lęknąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lękniesz	lęknąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknięciach	lęknąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięcia	lęknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięcia	lęknąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciami	lęknąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięcie	lęknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciem	lęknąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciom	lęknąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięciu	lęknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięć	lęknąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lęknięto	lęknąć	imps:imperf		
lęknięto	lęknąć	imps:imperf		rzad.
lęknijcie	lęknąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lęknijcie	lęknąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknij	lęknąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lęknij	lęknąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lęknijmy	lęknąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lęknijmy	lęknąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lękowcach	lękowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowca	lękowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowca	lękowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcami	lękowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowce	lękowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lękowce	lękowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcem	lękowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcom	lękowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcowi	lękowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowców	lękowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowców	lękowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcu	lękowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcu	lękowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcy	lękowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcy	lękowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowcze	lękowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowiec	lękowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lękowo	lękowo	adv:pos		
lękowościach	lękowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowościami	lękowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowością	lękowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowości	lękowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowościom	lękowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowość	lękowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowość	lękowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lękowa	lękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lękową	lękowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lękową	lękowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lękowego	lękowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lękowego	lękowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lękowej	lękowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lękowej	lękowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lękowej	lękowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lękowe	lękowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lękowe	lękowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lękowe	lękowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lękowe	lękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lękowemu	lękowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lękowi	lękowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lękowo	lękowy	adja		
lękowych	lękowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lękowych	lękowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękowych	lękowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękowy	lękowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lękowy	lękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lękowymi	lękowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękowym	lękowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lękowym	lękowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lękowym	lękowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lgnąca	lgnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lgnącą	lgnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lgnącego	lgnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lgnącego	lgnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lgnącej	lgnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lgnące	lgnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lgnące	lgnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lgnącemu	lgnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lgnąc	lgnąć	pcon:imperf		
lgnąco	lgnąć	pacta		
lgnących	lgnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lgnących	lgnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lgnący	lgnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lgnący	lgnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lgnący	lgnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lgnącymi	lgnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lgnącym	lgnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lgnącym	lgnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lgnąć	lgnąć	inf:imperf		
lgną	lgnąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lgnąłby	lgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lgnąłbym	lgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lgnąłbyś	lgnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lgnąłem	lgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lgnąłeś	lgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lgnął	lgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lgnął	lgnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lgnę	lgnąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lgnęliby	lgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lgnęlibyście	lgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lgnęlibyśmy	lgnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lgnęli	lgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lgnęli	lgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lgnęliście	lgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lgnęliśmy	lgnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lgnęłaby	lgnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lgnęłabym	lgnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lgnęłabyś	lgnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lgnęła	lgnąć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lgnęła	lgnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lgnęłam	lgnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lgnęłaś	lgnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lgnęłoby	lgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lgnęłobym	lgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lgnęłobyś	lgnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lgnęło	lgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lgnęło	lgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lgnęłom	lgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lgnęłoś	lgnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lgnęłyby	lgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lgnęłybyście	lgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lgnęłybyśmy	lgnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lgnęły	lgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lgnęły	lgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lgnęłyście	lgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lgnęłyśmy	lgnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lgniecie	lgnąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lgnie	lgnąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lgniemy	lgnąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lgniesz	lgnąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lgnięciach	lgnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięcia	lgnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięcia	lgnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięciami	lgnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięcie	lgnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięciem	lgnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięciom	lgnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięciu	lgnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięć	lgnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lgnięto	lgnąć	imps:imperf		
lgnijcie	lgnąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lgnij	lgnąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lgnijmy	lgnąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liaison	liaison	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liaison	liaison	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lianach	liana	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liana	liana	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lianami	liana	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lianą	liana	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lianę	liana	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lianie	liana	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lianie	liana	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lian	liana	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liano	liana	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lianom	liana	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liany	liana	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liany	liana	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liany	liana	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liany	liana	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasach	lias	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasami	lias	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasem	lias	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasie	lias	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasie	lias	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lias	lias	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lias	lias	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasom	lias	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasowi	lias	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasów	lias	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasu	lias	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasy	lias	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasy	lias	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasy	lias	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liasowościach	liasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowościami	liasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowością	liasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowości	liasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowościom	liasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowość	liasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowość	liasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liasowa	liasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liasową	liasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liasową	liasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liasowego	liasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liasowego	liasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liasowej	liasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liasowej	liasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liasowej	liasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liasowe	liasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liasowe	liasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liasowe	liasowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liasowe	liasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liasowemu	liasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liasowi	liasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liasowo	liasowy	adja		
liasowych	liasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liasowych	liasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liasowych	liasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liasowy	liasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liasowy	liasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liasowymi	liasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liasowym	liasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liasowym	liasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liasowym	liasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liazach	liaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liaza	liaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazami	liaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazą	liaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazę	liaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazie	liaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazie	liaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liaz	liaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazo	liaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazom	liaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazy	liaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazy	liaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazy	liaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liazy	liaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacjach	libacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacja	libacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacjami	libacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacją	libacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacje	libacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacje	libacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacje	libacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libację	libacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacji	libacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
libacji	libacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacji	libacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacji	libacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacjo	libacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacjom	libacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyj	libacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
libacyjce	libacyjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjce	libacyjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjek	libacyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjkach	libacyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjka	libacyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjkami	libacyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjką	libacyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjkę	libacyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjki	libacyjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjki	libacyjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjki	libacyjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjki	libacyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjko	libacyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjkom	libacyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjnościach	libacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjnościami	libacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjnością	libacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjności	libacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjnościom	libacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjność	libacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjność	libacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libacyjna	libacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libacyjną	libacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libacyjną	libacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libacyjnego	libacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libacyjnego	libacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libacyjnej	libacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libacyjnej	libacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libacyjnej	libacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libacyjne	libacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libacyjne	libacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libacyjne	libacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libacyjne	libacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libacyjnemu	libacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libacyjni	libacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libacyjno	libacyjny	adja		
libacyjnych	libacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libacyjnych	libacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libacyjnych	libacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libacyjny	libacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libacyjny	libacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libacyjnymi	libacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libacyjnym	libacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libacyjnym	libacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libacyjnym	libacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libanizacjach	libanizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacja	libanizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacjami	libanizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacją	libanizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacje	libanizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacje	libanizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacje	libanizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizację	libanizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacji	libanizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
libanizacji	libanizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacji	libanizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacji	libanizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacjo	libanizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacjom	libanizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libanizacyj	libanizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
libańscy	libański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libańska	libański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libańską	libański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libańską	libański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libańskich	libański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libańskich	libański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libańskich	libański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libańskiego	libański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libańskiego	libański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libańskiej	libański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libańskiej	libański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libańskiej	libański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libańskie	libański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libańskie	libański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libańskie	libański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libańskie	libański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libańskiemu	libański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libański	libański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libański	libański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libańskimi	libański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libańskim	libański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libańskim	libański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libańskim	libański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libańsko	libański	adja		
libańsku	libański	adjp		
libańsko	libańsko	adv:pos		
libańskościach	libańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskościami	libańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskością	libańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskości	libańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskościom	libańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskość	libańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libańskość	libańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelce	libelka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelce	libelka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelek	libelka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelkach	libelka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelka	libelka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelkami	libelka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelką	libelka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelkę	libelka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelki	libelka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelki	libelka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelki	libelka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelki	libelka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelko	libelka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libelkom	libelka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libellach	libella	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libella	libella	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libellami	libella	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libellą	libella	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libelle	libella	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libelle	libella	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libelle	libella	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libellę	libella	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libelli	libella	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libelli	libella	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libelli	libella	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libelli	libella	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libello	libella	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
libellom	libella	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	techn.
liberalistach	liberalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalista	liberalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalistami	liberalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalistą	liberalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalistę	liberalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalisto	liberalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalistom	liberalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalistów	liberalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalistów	liberalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalisty	liberalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalisty	liberalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalisty	liberalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberaliście	liberalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberaliście	liberalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberaliści	liberalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberaliści	liberalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberalistycznościach	liberalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistycznościami	liberalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistycznością	liberalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczności	liberalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistycznościom	liberalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczność	liberalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczność	liberalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalistyczna	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liberalistyczną	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liberalistyczną	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liberalistycznego	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liberalistycznego	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalistycznej	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liberalistycznej	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liberalistycznej	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liberalistyczne	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberalistyczne	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberalistyczne	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liberalistyczne	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liberalistycznemu	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalistyczni	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liberalistyczno	liberalistyczny	adja		
liberalistycznych	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liberalistycznych	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalistycznych	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalistyczny	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liberalistyczny	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liberalistycznymi	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalistycznym	liberalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalistycznym	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalistycznym	liberalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalizacjach	liberalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacja	liberalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacjami	liberalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacją	liberalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacje	liberalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacje	liberalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacje	liberalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizację	liberalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacji	liberalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
liberalizacji	liberalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacji	liberalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacji	liberalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacjo	liberalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacjom	liberalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyj	liberalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
liberalizacyjnościach	liberalizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjnościami	liberalizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjnością	liberalizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjności	liberalizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjnościom	liberalizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjność	liberalizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjność	liberalizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizacyjna	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liberalizacyjną	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liberalizacyjną	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liberalizacyjnego	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liberalizacyjnego	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalizacyjnej	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liberalizacyjnej	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liberalizacyjnej	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liberalizacyjne	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberalizacyjne	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberalizacyjne	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liberalizacyjne	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liberalizacyjnemu	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalizacyjni	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liberalizacyjno	liberalizacyjny	adja		
liberalizacyjnych	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liberalizacyjnych	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalizacyjnych	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalizacyjny	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liberalizacyjny	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liberalizacyjnymi	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalizacyjnym	liberalizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalizacyjnym	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalizacyjnym	liberalizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalizmach	liberalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmami	liberalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmem	liberalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmie	liberalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmie	liberalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizm	liberalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizm	liberalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmom	liberalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmowi	liberalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmów	liberalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmu	liberalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmy	liberalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmy	liberalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizmy	liberalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liberalizować	liberalizować	inf:imperf		
liberalizowaliby	liberalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liberalizowalibyście	liberalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liberalizowalibyśmy	liberalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liberalizowali	liberalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liberalizowali	liberalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liberalizowaliście	liberalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liberalizowaliśmy	liberalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liberalizowałaby	liberalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałabym	liberalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liberalizowałabyś	liberalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liberalizowała	liberalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liberalizowała	liberalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałam	liberalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liberalizowałaś	liberalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liberalizowałby	liberalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałbym	liberalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liberalizowałbyś	liberalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liberalizowałem	liberalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liberalizowałeś	liberalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liberalizował	liberalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liberalizował	liberalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałoby	liberalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałobym	liberalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liberalizowałobyś	liberalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liberalizowało	liberalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liberalizowało	liberalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałom	liberalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liberalizowałoś	liberalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liberalizowałyby	liberalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałybyście	liberalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liberalizowałybyśmy	liberalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liberalizowały	liberalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liberalizowały	liberalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liberalizowałyście	liberalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liberalizowałyśmy	liberalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liberalizowana	liberalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liberalizowaną	liberalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanego	liberalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanego	liberalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanej	liberalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liberalizowane	liberalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizowane	liberalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanemu	liberalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowaniach	liberalizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowania	liberalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowania	liberalizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowaniami	liberalizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanie	liberalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowaniem	liberalizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowani	liberalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberalizowaniom	liberalizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowaniu	liberalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowano	liberalizować	imps:imperf		
liberalizowanych	liberalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanych	liberalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizowany	liberalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liberalizowany	liberalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanymi	liberalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanym	liberalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizowanym	liberalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizowań	liberalizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizująca	liberalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liberalizującą	liberalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liberalizującego	liberalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liberalizującego	liberalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizującej	liberalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liberalizujące	liberalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizujące	liberalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizującemu	liberalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizując	liberalizować	pcon:imperf		
liberalizująco	liberalizować	pacta		
liberalizujących	liberalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberalizujących	liberalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizujący	liberalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberalizujący	liberalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liberalizujący	liberalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liberalizującymi	liberalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizującym	liberalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberalizującym	liberalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberalizują	liberalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liberalizujcie	liberalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liberalizujecie	liberalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liberalizuje	liberalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liberalizujemy	liberalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liberalizujesz	liberalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liberalizuję	liberalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liberalizuj	liberalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liberalizujmy	liberalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liberalniej	liberalnie	adv:com		
liberalnie	liberalnie	adv:pos		
liberalnościach	liberalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalnościami	liberalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalnością	liberalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalności	liberalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalnościom	liberalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalność	liberalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalność	liberalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberalna	liberalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liberalną	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liberalną	liberalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liberalnego	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liberalnego	liberalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalnej	liberalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liberalnej	liberalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liberalnej	liberalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liberalne	liberalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberalne	liberalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberalne	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liberalne	liberalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liberalnemu	liberalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalniejsi	liberalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
liberalniejsza	liberalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
liberalniejszą	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
liberalniejszą	liberalny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
liberalniejszego	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
liberalniejszego	liberalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liberalniejszej	liberalny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
liberalniejszej	liberalny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
liberalniejszej	liberalny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
liberalniejsze	liberalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
liberalniejsze	liberalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
liberalniejsze	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
liberalniejsze	liberalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
liberalniejszemu	liberalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liberalniejszych	liberalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
liberalniejszych	liberalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liberalniejszych	liberalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liberalniejszy	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
liberalniejszy	liberalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
liberalniejszymi	liberalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liberalniejszym	liberalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liberalniejszym	liberalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liberalniejszym	liberalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liberalni	liberalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liberalno	liberalny	adja		
liberalnych	liberalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liberalnych	liberalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalnych	liberalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalny	liberalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liberalny	liberalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liberalnymi	liberalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalnym	liberalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberalnym	liberalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberalnym	liberalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberale	liberał	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberale	liberał	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałach	liberał	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberała	liberał	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberała	liberał	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałami	liberał	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałem	liberał	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberał	liberał	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałom	liberał	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałowie	liberał	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałowie	liberał	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałowi	liberał	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałów	liberał	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberałów	liberał	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liberały	liberał	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liberały	liberał	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liberiach	liberia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberia	liberia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberiami	liberia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberią	liberia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberie	liberia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberie	liberia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberie	liberia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberię	liberia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberii	liberia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
liberii	liberia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberii	liberia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberii	liberia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberio	liberia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberiom	liberia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyj	liberia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
liberiować	liberiować	inf:imperf		przest.
liberiowaliby	liberiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowalibyście	liberiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowalibyśmy	liberiować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowali	liberiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		przest.
liberiowali	liberiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowaliście	liberiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowaliśmy	liberiować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowałaby	liberiować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałabym	liberiować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowałabyś	liberiować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowała	liberiować	praet:sg:f:imperf		przest.
liberiowała	liberiować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałam	liberiować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowałaś	liberiować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowałby	liberiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałbym	liberiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowałbyś	liberiować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowałem	liberiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowałeś	liberiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiował	liberiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		przest.
liberiował	liberiować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałoby	liberiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałobym	liberiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowałobyś	liberiować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowało	liberiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		przest.
liberiowało	liberiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałom	liberiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowałoś	liberiować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowałyby	liberiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałybyście	liberiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowałybyśmy	liberiować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowały	liberiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		przest.
liberiowały	liberiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiowałyście	liberiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiowałyśmy	liberiować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowana	liberiować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liberiowaną	liberiować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liberiowanego	liberiować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liberiowanego	liberiować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowanej	liberiować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liberiowane	liberiować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiowane	liberiować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowanemu	liberiować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowaniach	liberiować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowania	liberiować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowania	liberiować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowaniami	liberiować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowanie	liberiować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowaniem	liberiować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowani	liberiować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberiowaniom	liberiować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowaniu	liberiować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowano	liberiować	imps:imperf		przest.
liberiowanych	liberiować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberiowanych	liberiować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiowany	liberiować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liberiowany	liberiować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liberiowanymi	liberiować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiowanym	liberiować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiowanym	liberiować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiowań	liberiować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liberiująca	liberiować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liberiującą	liberiować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liberiującego	liberiować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liberiującego	liberiować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiującej	liberiować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liberiujące	liberiować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiujące	liberiować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiującemu	liberiować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiując	liberiować	pcon:imperf		przest.
liberiująco	liberiować	pacta		
liberiujących	liberiować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberiujących	liberiować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiujący	liberiować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liberiujący	liberiować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liberiujący	liberiować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liberiującymi	liberiować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiującym	liberiować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liberiującym	liberiować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liberiują	liberiować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiujcie	liberiować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiujecie	liberiować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiuje	liberiować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		przest.
liberiujemy	liberiować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiujesz	liberiować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiuję	liberiować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiuj	liberiować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		przest.
liberiujmy	liberiować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		przest.
liberiowanościach	liberiowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowanościami	liberiowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowanością	liberiowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaności	liberiowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowanościom	liberiowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaność	liberiowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowaność	liberiowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liberiowana	liberiowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
liberiowaną	liberiowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
liberiowaną	liberiowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
liberiowanego	liberiowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
liberiowanego	liberiowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liberiowanej	liberiowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
liberiowanej	liberiowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
liberiowanej	liberiowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
liberiowane	liberiowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liberiowane	liberiowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liberiowane	liberiowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
liberiowane	liberiowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
liberiowanemu	liberiowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liberiowani	liberiowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
liberiowano	liberiowany	adja		daw.
liberiowanych	liberiowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
liberiowanych	liberiowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liberiowanych	liberiowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liberiowany	liberiowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
liberiowany	liberiowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
liberiowanymi	liberiowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liberiowanym	liberiowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liberiowanym	liberiowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liberiowanym	liberiowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liberce	liberka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberce	liberka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberek	liberka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberkach	liberka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberka	liberka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberkami	liberka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberką	liberka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberkę	liberka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberki	liberka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberki	liberka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberki	liberka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberki	liberka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberko	liberka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberkom	liberka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libero	libero	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertacjach	libertacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacja	libertacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacjami	libertacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacją	libertacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacje	libertacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacje	libertacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacje	libertacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertację	libertacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacji	libertacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
libertacji	libertacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacji	libertacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacji	libertacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacjo	libertacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacjom	libertacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertacyj	libertacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
libertarianach	libertarianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianami	libertarianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianie	libertarianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianie	libertarianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianina	libertarianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianina	libertarianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianinem	libertarianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianinie	libertarianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianinie	libertarianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianin	libertarianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianinowi	libertarianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarian	libertarianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarian	libertarianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianom	libertarianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianów	libertarianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianów	libertarianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertariany	libertarianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
libertariany	libertarianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmach	libertarianizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmami	libertarianizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmem	libertarianizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmie	libertarianizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmie	libertarianizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizm	libertarianizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizm	libertarianizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmom	libertarianizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmowi	libertarianizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmów	libertarianizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmu	libertarianizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmy	libertarianizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmy	libertarianizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertarianizmy	libertarianizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańscy	libertariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libertariańska	libertariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libertariańską	libertariański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libertariańską	libertariański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libertariańskich	libertariański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libertariańskich	libertariański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertariańskich	libertariański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertariańskiego	libertariański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libertariańskiego	libertariański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertariańskiej	libertariański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libertariańskiej	libertariański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libertariańskiej	libertariański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libertariańskie	libertariański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libertariańskie	libertariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libertariańskie	libertariański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libertariańskie	libertariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libertariańskiemu	libertariański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertariański	libertariański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libertariański	libertariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libertariańskimi	libertariański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertariańskim	libertariański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertariańskim	libertariański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertariańskim	libertariański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertariańsko	libertariański	adja		
libertariańsku	libertariański	adjp		
libertariańsko	libertariańsko	adv:pos		
libertariańskościach	libertariańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskościami	libertariańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskością	libertariańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskości	libertariańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskościom	libertariańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskość	libertariańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertariańskość	libertariańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertować	libertować	inf:imperf		
libertowaliby	libertować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
libertowalibyście	libertować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
libertowalibyśmy	libertować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
libertowali	libertować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
libertowali	libertować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
libertowaliście	libertować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
libertowaliśmy	libertować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
libertowałaby	libertować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
libertowałabym	libertować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
libertowałabyś	libertować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
libertowała	libertować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
libertowała	libertować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
libertowałam	libertować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
libertowałaś	libertować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
libertowałby	libertować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
libertowałbym	libertować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
libertowałbyś	libertować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
libertowałem	libertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
libertowałeś	libertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
libertował	libertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
libertował	libertować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
libertowałoby	libertować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
libertowałobym	libertować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
libertowałobyś	libertować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
libertowało	libertować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
libertowało	libertować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
libertowałom	libertować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
libertowałoś	libertować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
libertowałyby	libertować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
libertowałybyście	libertować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
libertowałybyśmy	libertować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
libertowały	libertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
libertowały	libertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
libertowałyście	libertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
libertowałyśmy	libertować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
libertowana	libertować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
libertowaną	libertować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
libertowanego	libertować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
libertowanego	libertować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertowanej	libertować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
libertowane	libertować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertowane	libertować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertowanemu	libertować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertowaniach	libertować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowania	libertować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowania	libertować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowaniami	libertować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowanie	libertować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowaniem	libertować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowani	libertować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
libertowaniom	libertować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowaniu	libertować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
libertowano	libertować	imps:imperf		
libertowanych	libertować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
libertowanych	libertować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertowany	libertować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
libertowany	libertować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
libertowanymi	libertować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertowanym	libertować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertowanym	libertować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertowań	libertować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
libertująca	libertować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
libertującą	libertować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
libertującego	libertować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
libertującego	libertować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertującej	libertować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
libertujące	libertować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertujące	libertować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertującemu	libertować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertując	libertować	pcon:imperf		
libertująco	libertować	pacta		
libertujących	libertować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
libertujących	libertować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertujący	libertować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
libertujący	libertować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
libertujący	libertować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
libertującymi	libertować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertującym	libertować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
libertującym	libertować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
libertują	libertować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
libertujcie	libertować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
libertujecie	libertować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
libertuje	libertować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
libertujemy	libertować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
libertujesz	libertować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
libertuję	libertować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
libertuj	libertować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
libertujmy	libertować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
libertynach	libertyn	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertyna	libertyn	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertyna	libertyn	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynami	libertyn	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynem	libertyn	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynie	libertyn	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynie	libertyn	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertyni	libertyn	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertyni	libertyn	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertyn	libertyn	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynom	libertyn	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynowi	libertyn	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynów	libertyn	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertynów	libertyn	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libertyny	libertyn	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyny	libertyn	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistycznościach	libertynistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistycznościami	libertynistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistycznością	libertynistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczności	libertynistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistycznościom	libertynistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczność	libertynistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczność	libertynistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertynistyczna	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libertynistyczną	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libertynistyczną	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libertynistycznego	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libertynistycznego	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertynistycznej	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libertynistycznej	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libertynistycznej	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libertynistyczne	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libertynistyczne	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libertynistyczne	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libertynistyczne	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libertynistycznemu	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertynistyczni	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libertynistyczno	libertynistyczny	adja		
libertynistycznych	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libertynistycznych	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertynistycznych	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertynistyczny	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libertynistyczny	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libertynistycznymi	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertynistycznym	libertynistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertynistycznym	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertynistycznym	libertynistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertynizmach	libertynizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmami	libertynizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmem	libertynizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmie	libertynizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmie	libertynizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizm	libertynizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizm	libertynizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmom	libertynizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmowi	libertynizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmów	libertynizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmu	libertynizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmy	libertynizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmy	libertynizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertynizmy	libertynizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńscy	libertyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libertyńska	libertyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libertyńską	libertyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libertyńską	libertyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libertyńskich	libertyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libertyńskich	libertyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertyńskich	libertyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertyńskiego	libertyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libertyńskiego	libertyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertyńskiej	libertyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libertyńskiej	libertyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libertyńskiej	libertyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libertyńskie	libertyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libertyńskie	libertyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libertyńskie	libertyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libertyńskie	libertyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libertyńskiemu	libertyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertyński	libertyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libertyński	libertyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libertyńskimi	libertyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertyńskim	libertyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libertyńskim	libertyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertyńskim	libertyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libertyńsko	libertyński	adja		
libertyńsku	libertyński	adjp		
libertyńsko	libertyńsko	adv:pos		
libertyńskościach	libertyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskościami	libertyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskością	libertyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskości	libertyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskościom	libertyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskość	libertyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyńskość	libertyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwach	libertyństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwa	libertyństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwa	libertyństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwa	libertyństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwa	libertyństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwami	libertyństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwem	libertyństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwie	libertyństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństw	libertyństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwo	libertyństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwo	libertyństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwo	libertyństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwom	libertyństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libertyństwu	libertyństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjnościach	liberyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjnościami	liberyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjnością	liberyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjności	liberyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjnościom	liberyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjność	liberyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjność	liberyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjna	liberyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liberyjną	liberyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liberyjną	liberyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liberyjnego	liberyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liberyjnego	liberyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjnej	liberyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liberyjnej	liberyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liberyjnej	liberyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liberyjne	liberyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjne	liberyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjne	liberyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liberyjne	liberyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liberyjnemu	liberyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjni	liberyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liberyjno	liberyjny	adja		
liberyjnych	liberyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liberyjnych	liberyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjnych	liberyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjny	liberyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liberyjny	liberyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liberyjnymi	liberyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjnym	liberyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjnym	liberyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjnym	liberyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjscy	liberyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liberyjska	liberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liberyjską	liberyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liberyjską	liberyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liberyjskich	liberyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liberyjskich	liberyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjskich	liberyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjskiego	liberyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liberyjskiego	liberyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjskiej	liberyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liberyjskiej	liberyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liberyjskiej	liberyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liberyjskie	liberyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjskie	liberyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjskie	liberyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liberyjskie	liberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liberyjskiemu	liberyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjski	liberyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liberyjski	liberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liberyjskimi	liberyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjskim	liberyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liberyjskim	liberyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjskim	liberyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liberyjsko	liberyjski	adja		
liberyjsku	liberyjski	adjp		
liberyjsko	liberyjsko	adv:pos		
liberyjskościach	liberyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskościami	liberyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskością	liberyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskości	liberyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskościom	liberyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskość	liberyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liberyjskość	liberyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąscy	libiąski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libiąska	libiąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libiąską	libiąski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libiąską	libiąski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libiąskich	libiąski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libiąskich	libiąski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libiąskich	libiąski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libiąskiego	libiąski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libiąskiego	libiąski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libiąskiej	libiąski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libiąskiej	libiąski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libiąskiej	libiąski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libiąskie	libiąski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libiąskie	libiąski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libiąskie	libiąski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libiąskie	libiąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libiąskiemu	libiąski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libiąski	libiąski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libiąski	libiąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libiąskimi	libiąski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libiąskim	libiąski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libiąskim	libiąski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libiąskim	libiąski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libiąsko	libiąski	adja		
libiąsku	libiąski	adjp		
libiąsko	libiąsko	adv:pos		
libiąskościach	libiąskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskościami	libiąskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskością	libiąskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskości	libiąskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskościom	libiąskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskość	libiąskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libiąskość	libiąskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalnie	libidalnie	adv:pos		
libidalnościach	libidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalnościami	libidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalnością	libidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalności	libidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalnościom	libidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalność	libidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalność	libidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libidalna	libidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libidalną	libidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libidalną	libidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libidalnego	libidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libidalnego	libidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libidalnej	libidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libidalnej	libidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libidalnej	libidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libidalne	libidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libidalne	libidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libidalne	libidalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libidalne	libidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libidalnemu	libidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libidalni	libidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libidalno	libidalny	adja		
libidalnych	libidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libidalnych	libidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libidalnych	libidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libidalny	libidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libidalny	libidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libidalnymi	libidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libidalnym	libidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libidalnym	libidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libidalnym	libidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libidach	libido	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libida	libido	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libida	libido	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libida	libido	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libida	libido	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libidami	libido	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libidem	libido	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libid	libido	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libido	libido	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libidom	libido	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libidu	libido	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libidzie	libido	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libijscy	libijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libijska	libijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libijską	libijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libijską	libijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libijskich	libijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libijskich	libijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libijskich	libijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libijskiego	libijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libijskiego	libijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libijskiej	libijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libijskiej	libijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libijskiej	libijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libijskie	libijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libijskie	libijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libijskie	libijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libijskie	libijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libijskiemu	libijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libijski	libijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libijski	libijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libijskimi	libijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libijskim	libijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libijskim	libijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libijskim	libijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libijsko	libijski	adja		
libijsku	libijski	adjp		
libijsko	libijsko	adv:pos		
libijskościach	libijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskościami	libijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskością	libijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskości	libijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskościom	libijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskość	libijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libijskość	libijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
librach	libra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libra	libra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
librami	libra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
librą	libra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
librę	libra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libr	libra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libro	libra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librom	libra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libry	libra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libry	libra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libry	libra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libry	libra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
librze	libra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
librze	libra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracjach	libracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracja	libracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracjami	libracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracją	libracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracje	libracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracje	libracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracje	libracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librację	libracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracji	libracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
libracji	libracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracji	libracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracji	libracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracjo	libracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracjom	libracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyj	libracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
libracyjnościach	libracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjnościami	libracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjnością	libracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjności	libracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjnościom	libracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjność	libracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjność	libracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
libracyjna	libracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
libracyjną	libracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
libracyjną	libracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
libracyjnego	libracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
libracyjnego	libracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libracyjnej	libracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
libracyjnej	libracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
libracyjnej	libracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
libracyjne	libracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libracyjne	libracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
libracyjne	libracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
libracyjne	libracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
libracyjnemu	libracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libracyjni	libracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
libracyjno	libracyjny	adja		
libracyjnych	libracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
libracyjnych	libracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libracyjnych	libracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libracyjny	libracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
libracyjny	libracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
libracyjnymi	libracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libracyjnym	libracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
libracyjnym	libracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
libracyjnym	libracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
librecistach	librecista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecista	librecista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecistami	librecista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecistą	librecista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecistę	librecista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecisto	librecista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecistom	librecista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecistów	librecista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecistów	librecista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecisty	librecista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
librecisty	librecista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
librecisty	librecista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libreciście	librecista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libreciście	librecista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libreciści	librecista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
libreciści	librecista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
librecistce	librecistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistce	librecistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistek	librecistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistkach	librecistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistka	librecistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistkami	librecistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistką	librecistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistkę	librecistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistki	librecistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistki	librecistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistki	librecistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistki	librecistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistko	librecistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librecistkom	librecistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
libretcie	libretto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
librettach	libretto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libretta	libretto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libretta	libretto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libretta	libretto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libretta	libretto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
librettami	libretto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
librettem	libretto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
librett	libretto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libretto	libretto	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libretto	libretto	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
libretto	libretto	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
librettom	libretto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
librettu	libretto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
librewilscy	librewilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
librewilska	librewilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
librewilską	librewilski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
librewilską	librewilski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
librewilskich	librewilski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
librewilskich	librewilski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
librewilskich	librewilski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
librewilskiego	librewilski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
librewilskiego	librewilski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
librewilskiej	librewilski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
librewilskiej	librewilski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
librewilskiej	librewilski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
librewilskie	librewilski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
librewilskie	librewilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
librewilskie	librewilski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
librewilskie	librewilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
librewilskiemu	librewilski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
librewilski	librewilski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
librewilski	librewilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
librewilskimi	librewilski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
librewilskim	librewilski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
librewilskim	librewilski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
librewilskim	librewilski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
librewilsko	librewilski	adja		
librewilsku	librewilski	adjp		
librewilsko	librewilsko	adv:pos		
librewilskościach	librewilskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskościami	librewilskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskością	librewilskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskości	librewilskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskościom	librewilskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskość	librewilskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
librewilskość	librewilskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licach	lic	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lica	lic	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
licami	lic	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lice	lic	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lice	lic	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lice	lic	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
licem	lic	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lic	lic	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lic	lic	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
licom	lic	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
licowi	lic	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liców	lic	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
licu	lic	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
licu	lic	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
licach	lice	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lice	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lice	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lice	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lice	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licami	lice	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lice	lice	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lice	lice	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lice	lice	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licem	lice	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lic	lice	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licom	lice	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liców	lice	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licu	lice	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licu	lice	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licealistach	licealista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealista	licealista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealistami	licealista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealistą	licealista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealistę	licealista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealisto	licealista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealistom	licealista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealistów	licealista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealistów	licealista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealisty	licealista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licealisty	licealista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licealisty	licealista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealiście	licealista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealiście	licealista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealiści	licealista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealiści	licealista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licealistce	licealistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistce	licealistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistek	licealistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistkach	licealistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistka	licealistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistkami	licealistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistką	licealistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistkę	licealistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistki	licealistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistki	licealistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistki	licealistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistki	licealistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistko	licealistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealistkom	licealistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealnościach	licealność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealnościami	licealność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealnością	licealność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealności	licealność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealnościom	licealność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealność	licealność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealność	licealność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licealna	licealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licealną	licealny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licealną	licealny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licealnego	licealny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licealnego	licealny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licealnej	licealny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licealnej	licealny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licealnej	licealny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licealne	licealny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licealne	licealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licealne	licealny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licealne	licealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licealnemu	licealny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licealni	licealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licealno	licealny	adja		
licealnych	licealny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licealnych	licealny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licealnych	licealny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licealny	licealny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licealny	licealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licealnymi	licealny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licealnym	licealny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licealnym	licealny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licealnym	licealny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licejscy	licejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
licejska	licejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
licejską	licejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
licejską	licejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
licejskich	licejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
licejskich	licejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
licejskich	licejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
licejskiego	licejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
licejskiego	licejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
licejskiej	licejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
licejskiej	licejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
licejskiej	licejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
licejskie	licejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
licejskie	licejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
licejskie	licejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
licejskie	licejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
licejskiemu	licejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
licejski	licejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
licejski	licejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
licejskimi	licejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
licejskim	licejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
licejskim	licejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
licejskim	licejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
licejsko	licejski	adja		daw.
licejsku	licejski	adjp		daw.
licejsko	licejsko	adv:pos		daw.
licejskościach	licejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskościami	licejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskością	licejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskości	licejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskościom	licejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskość	licejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licejskość	licejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjach	licencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencja	licencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencjami	licencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencją	licencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencje	licencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencje	licencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencje	licencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencję	licencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencji	licencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
licencji	licencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencji	licencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencji	licencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencjo	licencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencjom	licencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyj	licencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
licencjaccy	licencjacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licencjacka	licencjacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licencjacką	licencjacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licencjacką	licencjacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licencjackich	licencjacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licencjackich	licencjacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencjackich	licencjacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencjackiego	licencjacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licencjackiego	licencjacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licencjackiej	licencjacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licencjackiej	licencjacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licencjackiej	licencjacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licencjackie	licencjacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licencjackie	licencjacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licencjackie	licencjacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licencjackie	licencjacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licencjackiemu	licencjacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licencjacki	licencjacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licencjacki	licencjacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licencjackimi	licencjacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencjackim	licencjacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencjackim	licencjacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licencjackim	licencjacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licencjacko	licencjacki	adja		
licencjacku	licencjacki	adjp		
licencjacko	licencjacko	adv:pos		
licencjacie	licencjat:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjacie	licencjat:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaci	licencjat:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaci	licencjat:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatach	licencjat:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjata	licencjat:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjata	licencjat:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatami	licencjat:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatem	licencjat:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjat	licencjat:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatom	licencjat:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatowi	licencjat:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatów	licencjat:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatów	licencjat:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaty	licencjat:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaty	licencjat:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licencjacie	licencjat:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjacie	licencjat:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatach	licencjat:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatami	licencjat:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatem	licencjat:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjat	licencjat:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjat	licencjat:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatom	licencjat:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatowi	licencjat:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatów	licencjat:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjatu	licencjat:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaty	licencjat:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaty	licencjat:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaty	licencjat:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licencjaturach	licencjatura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjatura	licencjatura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjaturami	licencjatura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjaturą	licencjatura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjaturę	licencjatura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjatur	licencjatura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjaturo	licencjatura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjaturom	licencjatura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjatury	licencjatura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjatury	licencjatura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjatury	licencjatura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjatury	licencjatura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjaturze	licencjatura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjaturze	licencjatura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licencjobiorcach	licencjobiorca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorca	licencjobiorca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcami	licencjobiorca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcą	licencjobiorca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorce	licencjobiorca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorce	licencjobiorca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcę	licencjobiorca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorco	licencjobiorca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcom	licencjobiorca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorców	licencjobiorca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorców	licencjobiorca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcy	licencjobiorca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcy	licencjobiorca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcy	licencjobiorca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcy	licencjobiorca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjobiorcy	licencjobiorca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcach	licencjodawca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawca	licencjodawca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcami	licencjodawca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcą	licencjodawca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawce	licencjodawca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawce	licencjodawca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcę	licencjodawca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawco	licencjodawca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcom	licencjodawca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawców	licencjodawca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawców	licencjodawca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcy	licencjodawca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcy	licencjodawca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcy	licencjodawca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcy	licencjodawca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjodawcy	licencjodawca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licencjonować	licencjonować	inf:imperf.perf		
licencjonowaliby	licencjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowalibyście	licencjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowalibyśmy	licencjonować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowali	licencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		
licencjonowali	licencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowaliście	licencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowaliśmy	licencjonować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałaby	licencjonować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałabym	licencjonować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałabyś	licencjonować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowała	licencjonować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		
licencjonowała	licencjonować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałam	licencjonować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałaś	licencjonować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałby	licencjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałbym	licencjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałbyś	licencjonować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałem	licencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałeś	licencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonował	licencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		
licencjonował	licencjonować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałoby	licencjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałobym	licencjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałobyś	licencjonować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowało	licencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		
licencjonowało	licencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałom	licencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałoś	licencjonować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałyby	licencjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałybyście	licencjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałybyśmy	licencjonować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowały	licencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		
licencjonowały	licencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałyście	licencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonowałyśmy	licencjonować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonowana	licencjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowaną	licencjonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanego	licencjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanego	licencjonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanej	licencjonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowane	licencjonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowane	licencjonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanemu	licencjonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowaniach	licencjonować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowania	licencjonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowania	licencjonować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowaniami	licencjonować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanie	licencjonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowaniem	licencjonować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowani	licencjonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowaniom	licencjonować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowaniu	licencjonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowano	licencjonować	imps:imperf.perf		
licencjonowanych	licencjonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanych	licencjonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowany	licencjonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowany	licencjonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanymi	licencjonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanym	licencjonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowanym	licencjonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowań	licencjonować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
licencjonowawszy	licencjonować	pant:perf		
licencjonująca	licencjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licencjonującą	licencjonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licencjonującego	licencjonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licencjonującego	licencjonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjonującej	licencjonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licencjonujące	licencjonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjonujące	licencjonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjonującemu	licencjonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjonując	licencjonować	pcon:imperf		
licencjonująco	licencjonować	pacta		
licencjonujących	licencjonować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licencjonujących	licencjonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjonujący	licencjonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licencjonujący	licencjonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licencjonujący	licencjonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licencjonującymi	licencjonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjonującym	licencjonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjonującym	licencjonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjonują	licencjonować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonujcie	licencjonować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonujecie	licencjonować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonuje	licencjonować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		
licencjonujemy	licencjonować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonujesz	licencjonować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonuję	licencjonować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjonuj	licencjonować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		
licencjonujmy	licencjonować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		
licencjować	licencjować	inf:imperf		daw.
licencjowaliby	licencjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowalibyście	licencjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowalibyśmy	licencjować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowali	licencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
licencjowali	licencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowaliście	licencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowaliśmy	licencjować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowałaby	licencjować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałabym	licencjować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowałabyś	licencjować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowała	licencjować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
licencjowała	licencjować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałam	licencjować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowałaś	licencjować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowałby	licencjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałbym	licencjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowałbyś	licencjować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowałem	licencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowałeś	licencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjował	licencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
licencjował	licencjować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałoby	licencjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałobym	licencjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowałobyś	licencjować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowało	licencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
licencjowało	licencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałom	licencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowałoś	licencjować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowałyby	licencjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałybyście	licencjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowałybyśmy	licencjować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowały	licencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
licencjowały	licencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjowałyście	licencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjowałyśmy	licencjować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjowana	licencjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licencjowaną	licencjować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licencjowanego	licencjować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licencjowanego	licencjować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowanej	licencjować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licencjowane	licencjować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjowane	licencjować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowanemu	licencjować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowaniach	licencjować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowania	licencjować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowania	licencjować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowaniami	licencjować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowanie	licencjować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowaniem	licencjować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowani	licencjować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licencjowaniom	licencjować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowaniu	licencjować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowano	licencjować	imps:imperf		daw.
licencjowanych	licencjować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licencjowanych	licencjować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjowany	licencjować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licencjowany	licencjować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licencjowanymi	licencjować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjowanym	licencjować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjowanym	licencjować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjowań	licencjować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licencjująca	licencjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licencjującą	licencjować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licencjującego	licencjować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licencjującego	licencjować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjującej	licencjować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licencjujące	licencjować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjujące	licencjować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjującemu	licencjować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjując	licencjować	pcon:imperf		daw.
licencjująco	licencjować	pacta		
licencjujących	licencjować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licencjujących	licencjować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjujący	licencjować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licencjujący	licencjować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licencjujący	licencjować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licencjującymi	licencjować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjującym	licencjować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licencjującym	licencjować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licencjują	licencjować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjujcie	licencjować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjujecie	licencjować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjuje	licencjować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
licencjujemy	licencjować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjujesz	licencjować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjuję	licencjować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
licencjuj	licencjować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
licencjujmy	licencjować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
licencyjnościach	licencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjnościami	licencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjnością	licencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjności	licencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjnościom	licencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjność	licencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjność	licencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licencyjna	licencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licencyjną	licencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licencyjną	licencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licencyjnego	licencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licencyjnego	licencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licencyjnej	licencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licencyjnej	licencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licencyjnej	licencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licencyjne	licencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licencyjne	licencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licencyjne	licencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licencyjne	licencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licencyjnemu	licencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licencyjni	licencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licencyjno	licencyjny	adja		
licencyjnych	licencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licencyjnych	licencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencyjnych	licencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencyjny	licencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licencyjny	licencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licencyjnymi	licencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencyjnym	licencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licencyjnym	licencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licencyjnym	licencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licentia	licentia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licentia	licentia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liceach	liceum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licea	liceum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licea	liceum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licea	liceum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceami	liceum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceom	liceum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceów	liceum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceum	liceum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceum	liceum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceum	liceum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceum	liceum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceum	liceum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceum	liceum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liceum	liceum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichach	licha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licha	licha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichami	licha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichą	licha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichę	licha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lich	licha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licho	licha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichom	licha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichy	licha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichy	licha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichy	licha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichy	licha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisze	licha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisze	licha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawościach	lichawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawościami	lichawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawością	lichawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawości	lichawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawościom	lichawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawość	lichawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawość	lichawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichawa	lichawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lichawą	lichawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lichawą	lichawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lichawego	lichawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lichawego	lichawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichawej	lichawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lichawej	lichawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lichawej	lichawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lichawe	lichawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichawe	lichawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichawe	lichawy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lichawe	lichawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lichawemu	lichawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichawi	lichawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lichawo	lichawy	adja		
lichawych	lichawy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lichawych	lichawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichawych	lichawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichawy	lichawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lichawy	lichawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lichawymi	lichawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichawym	lichawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichawym	lichawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichawym	lichawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichenolodzy	lichenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenolodzy	lichenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologach	lichenolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologa	lichenolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologa	lichenolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologami	lichenolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologiem	lichenolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologi	lichenolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologi	lichenolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lichenolog	lichenolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologom	lichenolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologowie	lichenolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologowie	lichenolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologowi	lichenolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologów	lichenolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologów	lichenolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologu	lichenolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologu	lichenolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologiach	lichenologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologia	lichenologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologiami	lichenologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologią	lichenologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologie	lichenologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologie	lichenologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologie	lichenologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologię	lichenologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologii	lichenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lichenologii	lichenologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologii	lichenologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologii	lichenologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologij	lichenologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lichenologio	lichenologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichenologiom	lichenologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńscy	licheński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licheńska	licheński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licheńską	licheński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licheńską	licheński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licheńskich	licheński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licheńskich	licheński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licheńskich	licheński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licheńskiego	licheński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licheńskiego	licheński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licheńskiej	licheński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licheńskiej	licheński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licheńskiej	licheński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licheńskie	licheński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licheńskie	licheński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licheńskie	licheński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licheńskie	licheński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licheńskiemu	licheński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licheński	licheński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licheński	licheński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licheńskimi	licheński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licheńskim	licheński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licheńskim	licheński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licheńskim	licheński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licheńsko	licheński	adja		
licheńsku	licheński	adjp		
licheńsko	licheńsko	adv:pos		
licheńskościach	licheńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskościami	licheńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskością	licheńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskości	licheńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskościom	licheńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskość	licheńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licheńskość	licheńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichewce	lichewka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewce	lichewka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewek	lichewka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewkach	lichewka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewka	lichewka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewkami	lichewka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewką	lichewka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewkę	lichewka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewki	lichewka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewki	lichewka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewki	lichewka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewki	lichewka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewko	lichewka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewkom	lichewka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewnościach	lichewność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewnościami	lichewność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewnością	lichewność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewności	lichewność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewnościom	lichewność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewność	lichewność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewność	lichewność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichewna	lichewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lichewną	lichewny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lichewną	lichewny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lichewnego	lichewny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lichewnego	lichewny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lichewnej	lichewny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lichewnej	lichewny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lichewnej	lichewny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lichewne	lichewny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lichewne	lichewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lichewne	lichewny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lichewne	lichewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lichewnemu	lichewny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lichewni	lichewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lichewno	lichewny	adja		daw.
lichewnych	lichewny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lichewnych	lichewny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lichewnych	lichewny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lichewny	lichewny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lichewny	lichewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lichewnymi	lichewny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lichewnym	lichewny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lichewnym	lichewny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lichewnym	lichewny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lichiach	lichia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichia	lichia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichiami	lichia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichią	lichia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichie	lichia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichie	lichia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichie	lichia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichię	lichia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichii	lichia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lichii	lichia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichii	lichia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichii	lichia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichij	lichia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lichio	lichia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichiom	lichia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowscy	lichnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lichnowska	lichnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lichnowską	lichnowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lichnowską	lichnowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lichnowskich	lichnowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lichnowskich	lichnowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichnowskich	lichnowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichnowskiego	lichnowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lichnowskiego	lichnowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichnowskiej	lichnowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lichnowskiej	lichnowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lichnowskiej	lichnowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lichnowskie	lichnowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichnowskie	lichnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichnowskie	lichnowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lichnowskie	lichnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lichnowskiemu	lichnowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichnowski	lichnowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lichnowski	lichnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lichnowskimi	lichnowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichnowskim	lichnowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichnowskim	lichnowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichnowskim	lichnowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichnowsko	lichnowski	adja		
lichnowsku	lichnowski	adjp		
lichnowsko	lichnowsko	adv:pos		
lichnowskościach	lichnowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskościami	lichnowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskością	lichnowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskości	lichnowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskościom	lichnowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskość	lichnowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichnowskość	lichnowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licho	licho:d	adv:pos		
lichach	licho:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licha	licho:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licha	licho:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licha	licho:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licha	licho:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichami	licho:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichem	licho:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lich	licho:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licho	licho:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licho	licho:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licho	licho:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichom	licho:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichu	licho:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichu	licho:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichościach	lichość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichościami	lichość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichością	lichość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichości	lichość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichościom	lichość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichość	lichość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichość	lichość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichocie	lichota	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichocie	lichota	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotach	lichota	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichota	lichota	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotami	lichota	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotą	lichota	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotę	lichota	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichot	lichota	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichoto	lichota	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotom	lichota	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichoty	lichota	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichoty	lichota	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichoty	lichota	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichoty	lichota	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotce	lichotka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotce	lichotka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotek	lichotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotkach	lichotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotka	lichotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotkami	lichotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotką	lichotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotkę	lichotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotki	lichotka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotki	lichotka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotki	lichotka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotki	lichotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotko	lichotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichotkom	lichotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtanach	lichtan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanami	lichtan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanem	lichtan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanie	lichtan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanie	lichtan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtan	lichtan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtan	lichtan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanom	lichtan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanowi	lichtan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanów	lichtan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtanu	lichtan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtany	lichtan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtany	lichtan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtany	lichtan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lichtarzach	lichtarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzach	lichtarz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarza	lichtarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarza	lichtarz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzami	lichtarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzami	lichtarz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarze	lichtarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarze	lichtarz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarze	lichtarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarze	lichtarz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarze	lichtarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarze	lichtarz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzem	lichtarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzem	lichtarz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarz	lichtarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarz	lichtarz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarz	lichtarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarz	lichtarz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzom	lichtarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzom	lichtarz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzowi	lichtarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowi	lichtarz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzów	lichtarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzu	lichtarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzu	lichtarz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzu	lichtarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzu	lichtarz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichtarzy	lichtarz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowościach	lichtarzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowościami	lichtarzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowością	lichtarzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowości	lichtarzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowościom	lichtarzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowość	lichtarzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowość	lichtarzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzowa	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lichtarzową	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lichtarzową	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lichtarzowego	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lichtarzowego	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichtarzowej	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lichtarzowej	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lichtarzowej	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lichtarzowe	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichtarzowe	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichtarzowe	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lichtarzowe	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lichtarzowemu	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichtarzowi	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lichtarzowo	lichtarzowy	adja		
lichtarzowych	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lichtarzowych	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichtarzowych	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichtarzowy	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lichtarzowy	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lichtarzowymi	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichtarzowym	lichtarzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichtarzowym	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichtarzowym	lichtarzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichtarzykach	lichtarzyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyka	lichtarzyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzykami	lichtarzyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzykiem	lichtarzyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyki	lichtarzyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyki	lichtarzyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyki	lichtarzyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyk	lichtarzyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyk	lichtarzyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzykom	lichtarzyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzykowi	lichtarzyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyków	lichtarzyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyku	lichtarzyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtarzyku	lichtarzyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lichtować	lichtować	inf:imperf		mors.
lichtowaliby	lichtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowalibyście	lichtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowalibyśmy	lichtować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowali	lichtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		mors.
lichtowali	lichtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowaliście	lichtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowaliśmy	lichtować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowałaby	lichtować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałabym	lichtować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowałabyś	lichtować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowała	lichtować	praet:sg:f:imperf		mors.
lichtowała	lichtować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałam	lichtować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowałaś	lichtować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowałby	lichtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałbym	lichtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowałbyś	lichtować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowałem	lichtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowałeś	lichtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtował	lichtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		mors.
lichtował	lichtować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałoby	lichtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałobym	lichtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowałobyś	lichtować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowało	lichtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		mors.
lichtowało	lichtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałom	lichtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowałoś	lichtować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowałyby	lichtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałybyście	lichtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowałybyśmy	lichtować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowały	lichtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		mors.
lichtowały	lichtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtowałyście	lichtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtowałyśmy	lichtować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtowana	lichtować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lichtowaną	lichtować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lichtowanego	lichtować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lichtowanego	lichtować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowanej	lichtować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lichtowane	lichtować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtowane	lichtować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowanemu	lichtować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowaniach	lichtować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowania	lichtować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowania	lichtować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowaniami	lichtować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowanie	lichtować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowaniem	lichtować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowani	lichtować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichtowaniom	lichtować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowaniu	lichtować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowano	lichtować	imps:imperf		mors.
lichtowanych	lichtować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichtowanych	lichtować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtowany	lichtować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lichtowany	lichtować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lichtowanymi	lichtować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtowanym	lichtować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtowanym	lichtować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtowań	lichtować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lichtująca	lichtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lichtującą	lichtować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lichtującego	lichtować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lichtującego	lichtować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtującej	lichtować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lichtujące	lichtować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtujące	lichtować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtującemu	lichtować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtując	lichtować	pcon:imperf		mors.
lichtująco	lichtować	pacta		
lichtujących	lichtować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichtujących	lichtować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtujący	lichtować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichtujący	lichtować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lichtujący	lichtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lichtującymi	lichtować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtującym	lichtować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichtującym	lichtować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichtują	lichtować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtujcie	lichtować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtujecie	lichtować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtuje	lichtować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		mors.
lichtujemy	lichtować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtujesz	lichtować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtuję	lichtować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtuj	lichtować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		mors.
lichtujmy	lichtować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		mors.
lichtudze	lichtuga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtudze	lichtuga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugach	lichtuga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtuga	lichtuga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugami	lichtuga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugą	lichtuga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugę	lichtuga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugi	lichtuga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugi	lichtuga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugi	lichtuga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugi	lichtuga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtug	lichtuga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugo	lichtuga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichtugom	lichtuga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutcy	lichutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lichutka	lichutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lichutką	lichutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lichutką	lichutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lichutkich	lichutki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lichutkich	lichutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichutkich	lichutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichutkiego	lichutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lichutkiego	lichutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichutkiej	lichutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lichutkiej	lichutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lichutkiej	lichutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lichutkie	lichutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichutkie	lichutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichutkie	lichutki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lichutkie	lichutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lichutkiemu	lichutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichutki	lichutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lichutki	lichutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lichutkimi	lichutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichutkim	lichutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichutkim	lichutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichutkim	lichutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichutko	lichutki	adja		
lichutko	lichutko	adv:pos		
lichutkościach	lichutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkościami	lichutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkością	lichutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkości	lichutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkościom	lichutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkość	lichutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichutkość	lichutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwach	lichwa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwa	lichwa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwami	lichwa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwą	lichwa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwę	lichwa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwie	lichwa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwie	lichwa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichw	lichwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwo	lichwa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwom	lichwa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwy	lichwa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwy	lichwa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwy	lichwa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwy	lichwa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarce	lichwiarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarce	lichwiarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarek	lichwiarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarkach	lichwiarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarka	lichwiarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarkami	lichwiarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarką	lichwiarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarkę	lichwiarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarki	lichwiarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarki	lichwiarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarki	lichwiarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarki	lichwiarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarko	lichwiarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarkom	lichwiarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarscy	lichwiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lichwiarska	lichwiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lichwiarską	lichwiarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lichwiarską	lichwiarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lichwiarskich	lichwiarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lichwiarskich	lichwiarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichwiarskich	lichwiarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichwiarskiego	lichwiarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lichwiarskiego	lichwiarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichwiarskiej	lichwiarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lichwiarskiej	lichwiarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lichwiarskiej	lichwiarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lichwiarskie	lichwiarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichwiarskie	lichwiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lichwiarskie	lichwiarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lichwiarskie	lichwiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lichwiarskiemu	lichwiarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichwiarski	lichwiarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lichwiarski	lichwiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lichwiarskimi	lichwiarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichwiarskim	lichwiarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichwiarskim	lichwiarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichwiarskim	lichwiarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichwiarsko	lichwiarski	adja		
lichwiarsku	lichwiarski	adjp		
lichwiarsko	lichwiarsko	adv:pos		
lichwiarskościach	lichwiarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskościami	lichwiarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskością	lichwiarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskości	lichwiarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskościom	lichwiarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskość	lichwiarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarskość	lichwiarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwach	lichwiarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwa	lichwiarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwa	lichwiarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwa	lichwiarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwa	lichwiarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwami	lichwiarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwem	lichwiarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwie	lichwiarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstw	lichwiarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwo	lichwiarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwo	lichwiarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwo	lichwiarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwom	lichwiarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarstwu	lichwiarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzach	lichwiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzach	lichwiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarza	lichwiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarza	lichwiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarza	lichwiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarza	lichwiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzami	lichwiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzami	lichwiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarze	lichwiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzem	lichwiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzem	lichwiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarz	lichwiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarz	lichwiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzom	lichwiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzom	lichwiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzowi	lichwiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzowi	lichwiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzów	lichwiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzów	lichwiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzu	lichwiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzu	lichwiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzu	lichwiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzu	lichwiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lichwiarzy	lichwiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarzy	lichwiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lichwiarząca	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącą	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącego	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącego	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącej	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzące	lichwiarzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzące	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącemu	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarząc	lichwiarzyć	pcon:imperf		daw.
lichwiarząco	lichwiarzyć	pacta		
lichwiarzących	lichwiarzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzących	lichwiarzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzący	lichwiarzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzący	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzący	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącymi	lichwiarzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącym	lichwiarzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzącym	lichwiarzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzą	lichwiarzyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzcie	lichwiarzyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzeniach	lichwiarzyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzenia	lichwiarzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzenia	lichwiarzyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzeniami	lichwiarzyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzenie	lichwiarzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzeniem	lichwiarzyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzeniom	lichwiarzyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzeniu	lichwiarzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzeń	lichwiarzyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiarzę	lichwiarzyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarz	lichwiarzyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzmy	lichwiarzyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzono	lichwiarzyć	imps:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzycie	lichwiarzyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyć	lichwiarzyć	inf:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyliby	lichwiarzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzylibyście	lichwiarzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzylibyśmy	lichwiarzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzy	lichwiarzyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyli	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyli	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyliście	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyliśmy	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłaby	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłabym	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłabyś	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyła	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyła	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłam	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłaś	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłby	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłbym	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłbyś	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłem	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłeś	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzył	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzył	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłoby	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłobym	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłobyś	lichwiarzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyło	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyło	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłom	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłoś	lichwiarzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłyby	lichwiarzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłybyście	lichwiarzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłybyśmy	lichwiarzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyły	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyły	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłyście	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzyłyśmy	lichwiarzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzymy	lichwiarzyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiarzysz	lichwiarzyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiąca	lichwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lichwiącą	lichwić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lichwiącego	lichwić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lichwiącego	lichwić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiącej	lichwić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lichwiące	lichwić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiące	lichwić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiącemu	lichwić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwiąc	lichwić	pcon:imperf		daw.
lichwiąco	lichwić	pacta		
lichwiących	lichwić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichwiących	lichwić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiący	lichwić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lichwiący	lichwić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lichwiący	lichwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lichwiącymi	lichwić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiącym	lichwić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lichwiącym	lichwić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lichwią	lichwić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwicie	lichwić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwić	lichwić	inf:imperf		daw.
lichwieniach	lichwić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwienia	lichwić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwienia	lichwić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwieniami	lichwić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwienie	lichwić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwieniem	lichwić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwieniom	lichwić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwieniu	lichwić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwień	lichwić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lichwię	lichwić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwijcie	lichwić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwij	lichwić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwijmy	lichwić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiliby	lichwić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwilibyście	lichwić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwilibyśmy	lichwić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwi	lichwić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwili	lichwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lichwili	lichwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiliście	lichwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiliśmy	lichwić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiłaby	lichwić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłabym	lichwić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiłabyś	lichwić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiła	lichwić	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lichwiła	lichwić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłam	lichwić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiłaś	lichwić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiłby	lichwić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłbym	lichwić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiłbyś	lichwić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiłem	lichwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiłeś	lichwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwił	lichwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lichwił	lichwić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłoby	lichwić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłobym	lichwić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiłobyś	lichwić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiło	lichwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lichwiło	lichwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłom	lichwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiłoś	lichwić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiłyby	lichwić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłybyście	lichwić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiłybyśmy	lichwić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiły	lichwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lichwiły	lichwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lichwiłyście	lichwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lichwiłyśmy	lichwić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwimy	lichwić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lichwiono	lichwić	imps:imperf		daw.
lichwisz	lichwić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
licha	lichy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lichą	lichy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lichą	lichy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lichego	lichy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lichego	lichy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichej	lichy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lichej	lichy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lichej	lichy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liche	lichy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liche	lichy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liche	lichy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liche	lichy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lichemu	lichy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licho	lichy	adja		
lichsi	lichy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lichsza	lichy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lichszą	lichy	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lichszą	lichy	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lichszego	lichy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lichszego	lichy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lichszej	lichy	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lichszej	lichy	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lichszej	lichy	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lichsze	lichy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lichsze	lichy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lichsze	lichy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lichsze	lichy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lichszemu	lichy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lichszych	lichy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lichszych	lichy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lichszych	lichy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lichszy	lichy	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lichszy	lichy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lichszymi	lichy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lichszym	lichy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lichszym	lichy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lichszym	lichy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lichych	lichy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lichych	lichy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichych	lichy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichy	lichy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lichy	lichy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lichymi	lichy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichym	lichy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lichym	lichy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lichym	lichy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisi	lichy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licach	lico	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lico	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lico	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lico	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lica	lico	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licami	lico	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licem	lico	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lic	lico	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lico	lico	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lico	lico	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lico	lico	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licom	lico	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liców	lico	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licu	lico	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licu	lico	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
licować	licować:v1	inf:imperf		
licowaliby	licować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
licowalibyście	licować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
licowalibyśmy	licować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
licowali	licować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
licowali	licować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
licowaliście	licować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
licowaliśmy	licować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
licowałaby	licować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
licowałabym	licować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
licowałabyś	licować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
licowała	licować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
licowała	licować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
licowałam	licować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
licowałaś	licować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
licowałby	licować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
licowałbym	licować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
licowałbyś	licować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
licowałem	licować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
licowałeś	licować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
licował	licować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
licował	licować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
licowałoby	licować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
licowałobym	licować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
licowałobyś	licować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
licowało	licować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
licowało	licować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
licowałom	licować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
licowałoś	licować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
licowałyby	licować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
licowałybyście	licować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
licowałybyśmy	licować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
licowały	licować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
licowały	licować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
licowałyście	licować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
licowałyśmy	licować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
licowaniach	licować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowania	licować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowania	licować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniami	licować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licowanie	licować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniem	licować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniom	licować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniu	licować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowano	licować:v1	imps:imperf		
licowań	licować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licująca	licować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licującą	licować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licującego	licować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licującego	licować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licującej	licować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licujące	licować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licujące	licować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licującemu	licować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licując	licować:v1	pcon:imperf		
licująco	licować:v1	pacta		
licujących	licować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licujących	licować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licujący	licować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licujący	licować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licujący	licować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licującymi	licować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licującym	licować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licującym	licować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licują	licować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
licujcie	licować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
licujecie	licować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
licuje	licować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
licujemy	licować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
licujesz	licować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
licuję	licować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
licuj	licować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
licujmy	licować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
licować	licować:v2	inf:imperf		
licowaliby	licować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
licowalibyście	licować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
licowalibyśmy	licować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
licowali	licować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
licowali	licować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
licowaliście	licować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
licowaliśmy	licować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
licowałaby	licować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
licowałabym	licować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
licowałabyś	licować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
licowała	licować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
licowała	licować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
licowałam	licować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
licowałaś	licować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
licowałby	licować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
licowałbym	licować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
licowałbyś	licować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
licowałem	licować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
licowałeś	licować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
licował	licować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
licował	licować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
licowałoby	licować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
licowałobym	licować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
licowałobyś	licować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
licowało	licować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
licowało	licować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
licowałom	licować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
licowałoś	licować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
licowałyby	licować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
licowałybyście	licować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
licowałybyśmy	licować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
licowały	licować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
licowały	licować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
licowałyście	licować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
licowałyśmy	licować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
licowana	licować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licowaną	licować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licowanego	licować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licowanego	licować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licowanej	licować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licowane	licować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licowane	licować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licowanemu	licować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniach	licować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowania	licować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowania	licować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniami	licować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licowanie	licować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniem	licować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licowani	licować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licowaniom	licować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
licowaniu	licować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licowano	licować:v2	imps:imperf		
licowanych	licować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licowanych	licować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licowany	licować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licowany	licować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licowanymi	licować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licowanym	licować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licowanym	licować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licowań	licować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licująca	licować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licującą	licować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licującego	licować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licującego	licować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licującej	licować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licujące	licować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licujące	licować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licującemu	licować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licując	licować:v2	pcon:imperf		
licująco	licować:v2	pacta		
licujących	licować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licujących	licować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licujący	licować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licujący	licować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licujący	licować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licującymi	licować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licującym	licować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licującym	licować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licują	licować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
licujcie	licować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
licujecie	licować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
licuje	licować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
licujemy	licować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
licujesz	licować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
licuję	licować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
licuj	licować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
licujmy	licować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
licowościach	licowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowościami	licowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowością	licowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowości	licowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowościom	licowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowość	licowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowość	licowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licowa	licowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licową	licowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licową	licowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licowego	licowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licowego	licowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licowej	licowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licowej	licowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licowej	licowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licowe	licowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licowe	licowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licowe	licowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licowe	licowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licowemu	licowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licowi	licowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licowo	licowy	adja		
licowych	licowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licowych	licowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licowych	licowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licowy	licowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licowy	licowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licowymi	licowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licowym	licowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licowym	licowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licowym	licowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licówce	licówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówce	licówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówek	licówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówkach	licówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówka	licówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówkami	licówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówką	licówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówkę	licówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówki	licówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówki	licówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówki	licówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówki	licówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówko	licówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licówkom	licówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjscy	licyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licyjska	licyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licyjską	licyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licyjską	licyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licyjskich	licyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licyjskich	licyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licyjskich	licyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licyjskiego	licyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licyjskiego	licyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licyjskiej	licyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licyjskiej	licyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licyjskiej	licyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licyjskie	licyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licyjskie	licyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licyjskie	licyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licyjskie	licyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licyjskiemu	licyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licyjski	licyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licyjski	licyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licyjskimi	licyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licyjskim	licyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licyjskim	licyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licyjskim	licyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licyjsko	licyjski	adja		
licyjsku	licyjski	adjp		
licyjsko	licyjsko	adv:pos		
licyjskościach	licyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskościami	licyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskością	licyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskości	licyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskościom	licyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskość	licyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licyjskość	licyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacjach	licytacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacja	licytacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacjami	licytacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacją	licytacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacje	licytacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacje	licytacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacje	licytacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytację	licytacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacji	licytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
licytacji	licytacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacji	licytacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacji	licytacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacjo	licytacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacjom	licytacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyj	licytacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
licytacyjce	licytacyjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjce	licytacyjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjek	licytacyjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjkach	licytacyjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjka	licytacyjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjkami	licytacyjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjką	licytacyjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjkę	licytacyjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjki	licytacyjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjki	licytacyjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjki	licytacyjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjki	licytacyjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjko	licytacyjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjkom	licytacyjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjnościach	licytacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjnościami	licytacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjnością	licytacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjności	licytacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjnościom	licytacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjność	licytacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjność	licytacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytacyjna	licytacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licytacyjną	licytacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licytacyjną	licytacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licytacyjnego	licytacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licytacyjnego	licytacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licytacyjnej	licytacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licytacyjnej	licytacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licytacyjnej	licytacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licytacyjne	licytacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licytacyjne	licytacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licytacyjne	licytacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licytacyjne	licytacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licytacyjnemu	licytacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licytacyjni	licytacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licytacyjno	licytacyjny	adja		
licytacyjnych	licytacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licytacyjnych	licytacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licytacyjnych	licytacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licytacyjny	licytacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licytacyjny	licytacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licytacyjnymi	licytacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licytacyjnym	licytacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licytacyjnym	licytacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licytacyjnym	licytacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licytancie	licytant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytancie	licytant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytanci	licytant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytanci	licytant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytantach	licytant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytanta	licytant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytanta	licytant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytantami	licytant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytantem	licytant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytant	licytant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytantom	licytant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytantowi	licytant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytantów	licytant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytantów	licytant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytanty	licytant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licytanty	licytant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorach	licytator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatora	licytator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatora	licytator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorami	licytator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorem	licytator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytator	licytator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorom	licytator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorowi	licytator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorów	licytator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorów	licytator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatory	licytator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licytatory	licytator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorze	licytator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorze	licytator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorzy	licytator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorzy	licytator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorce	licytatorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorce	licytatorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorek	licytatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorkach	licytatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorka	licytatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorkami	licytatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorką	licytatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorkę	licytatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorki	licytatorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorki	licytatorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorki	licytatorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorki	licytatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorko	licytatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytatorkom	licytatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licytować	licytować	inf:imperf		
licytowaliby	licytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
licytowalibyście	licytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
licytowalibyśmy	licytować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
licytowali	licytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
licytowali	licytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
licytowaliście	licytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
licytowaliśmy	licytować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
licytowałaby	licytować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
licytowałabym	licytować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
licytowałabyś	licytować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
licytowała	licytować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
licytowała	licytować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
licytowałam	licytować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
licytowałaś	licytować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
licytowałby	licytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
licytowałbym	licytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
licytowałbyś	licytować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
licytowałem	licytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
licytowałeś	licytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
licytował	licytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
licytował	licytować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
licytowałoby	licytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
licytowałobym	licytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
licytowałobyś	licytować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
licytowało	licytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
licytowało	licytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
licytowałom	licytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
licytowałoś	licytować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
licytowałyby	licytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
licytowałybyście	licytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
licytowałybyśmy	licytować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
licytowały	licytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
licytowały	licytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
licytowałyście	licytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
licytowałyśmy	licytować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
licytowana	licytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licytowaną	licytować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licytowanego	licytować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licytowanego	licytować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytowanej	licytować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licytowane	licytować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytowane	licytować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytowanemu	licytować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytowaniach	licytować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowania	licytować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowania	licytować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowaniami	licytować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowanie	licytować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowaniem	licytować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowani	licytować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licytowaniom	licytować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowaniu	licytować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
licytowano	licytować	imps:imperf		
licytowanych	licytować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licytowanych	licytować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytowany	licytować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licytowany	licytować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licytowanymi	licytować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytowanym	licytować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytowanym	licytować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytowań	licytować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
licytująca	licytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
licytującą	licytować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
licytującego	licytować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
licytującego	licytować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytującej	licytować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
licytujące	licytować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytujące	licytować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytującemu	licytować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytując	licytować	pcon:imperf		
licytująco	licytować	pacta		
licytujących	licytować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licytujących	licytować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytujący	licytować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
licytujący	licytować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
licytujący	licytować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
licytującymi	licytować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytującym	licytować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
licytującym	licytować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licytują	licytować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
licytujcie	licytować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
licytujecie	licytować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
licytuje	licytować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
licytujemy	licytować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
licytujesz	licytować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
licytuję	licytować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
licytuj	licytować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
licytujmy	licytować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liczalnościach	liczalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalnościami	liczalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalnością	liczalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalności	liczalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalnościom	liczalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalność	liczalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalność	liczalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczalna	liczalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
liczalną	liczalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
liczalną	liczalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
liczalnego	liczalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
liczalnego	liczalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
liczalnej	liczalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
liczalnej	liczalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
liczalnej	liczalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
liczalne	liczalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
liczalne	liczalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
liczalne	liczalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
liczalne	liczalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
liczalnemu	liczalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
liczalni	liczalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
liczalno	liczalny	adja		przest.
liczalnych	liczalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
liczalnych	liczalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
liczalnych	liczalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
liczalny	liczalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
liczalny	liczalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
liczalnymi	liczalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
liczalnym	liczalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
liczalnym	liczalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
liczalnym	liczalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
liczarce	liczarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarce	liczarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarek	liczarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarkach	liczarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarka	liczarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarkami	liczarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarką	liczarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarkę	liczarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarki	liczarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarki	liczarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarki	liczarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarki	liczarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarko	liczarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczarkom	liczarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbach	liczba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczba	liczba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbami	liczba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbą	liczba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbę	liczba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbie	liczba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbie	liczba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczb	liczba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbo	liczba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbom	liczba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczby	liczba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczby	liczba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczby	liczba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczby	liczba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lm	liczba_mnoga	brev:pun		jęz.
lp	liczba_pojedyncza	brev:pun		jęz.
liczbonach	liczbon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonami	liczbon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonem	liczbon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonie	liczbon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonie	liczbon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbon	liczbon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbon	liczbon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonom	liczbon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonowi	liczbon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonów	liczbon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbonu	liczbon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbony	liczbon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbony	liczbon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbony	liczbon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liczbować	liczbować	inf:imperf		daw.
liczbowaliby	liczbować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowalibyście	liczbować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowalibyśmy	liczbować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowali	liczbować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
liczbowali	liczbować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowaliście	liczbować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowaliśmy	liczbować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowałaby	liczbować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałabym	liczbować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowałabyś	liczbować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowała	liczbować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
liczbowała	liczbować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałam	liczbować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowałaś	liczbować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowałby	liczbować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałbym	liczbować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowałbyś	liczbować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowałem	liczbować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowałeś	liczbować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbował	liczbować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
liczbował	liczbować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałoby	liczbować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałobym	liczbować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowałobyś	liczbować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowało	liczbować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
liczbowało	liczbować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałom	liczbować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowałoś	liczbować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowałyby	liczbować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałybyście	liczbować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowałybyśmy	liczbować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowały	liczbować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
liczbowały	liczbować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbowałyście	liczbować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbowałyśmy	liczbować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowana	liczbować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liczbowaną	liczbować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liczbowanego	liczbować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liczbowanego	liczbować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowanej	liczbować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liczbowane	liczbować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbowane	liczbować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowanemu	liczbować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowaniach	liczbować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowania	liczbować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowania	liczbować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowaniami	liczbować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowanie	liczbować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowaniem	liczbować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowani	liczbować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczbowaniom	liczbować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowaniu	liczbować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowano	liczbować	imps:imperf		daw.
liczbowanych	liczbować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczbowanych	liczbować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbowany	liczbować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liczbowany	liczbować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liczbowanymi	liczbować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbowanym	liczbować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbowanym	liczbować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbowań	liczbować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liczbująca	liczbować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liczbującą	liczbować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liczbującego	liczbować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liczbującego	liczbować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbującej	liczbować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liczbujące	liczbować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbujące	liczbować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbującemu	liczbować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbując	liczbować	pcon:imperf		daw.
liczbująco	liczbować	pacta		
liczbujących	liczbować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczbujących	liczbować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbujący	liczbować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczbujący	liczbować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liczbujący	liczbować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liczbującymi	liczbować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbującym	liczbować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczbującym	liczbować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczbują	liczbować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbujcie	liczbować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbujecie	liczbować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbuje	liczbować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
liczbujemy	liczbować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbujesz	liczbować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbuję	liczbować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbuj	liczbować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
liczbujmy	liczbować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
liczbowo	liczbowo	adv:pos		
liczbowościach	liczbowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowościami	liczbowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowością	liczbowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowości	liczbowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowościom	liczbowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowość	liczbowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowość	liczbowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbowa	liczbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczbową	liczbowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczbową	liczbowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liczbowego	liczbowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liczbowego	liczbowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczbowej	liczbowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liczbowej	liczbowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liczbowej	liczbowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczbowe	liczbowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczbowe	liczbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczbowe	liczbowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczbowe	liczbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liczbowemu	liczbowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczbowi	liczbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczbowo	liczbowy	adja		
liczbowych	liczbowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liczbowych	liczbowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczbowych	liczbowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczbowy	liczbowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczbowy	liczbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liczbowymi	liczbowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczbowym	liczbowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczbowym	liczbowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczbowym	liczbowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczbówce	liczbówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówce	liczbówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówek	liczbówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówkach	liczbówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówka	liczbówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówkami	liczbówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówką	liczbówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówkę	liczbówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówki	liczbówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówki	liczbówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówki	liczbówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówki	liczbówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówko	liczbówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczbówkom	liczbówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebniej	liczebnie	adv:com		
liczebnie	liczebnie	adv:pos		
liczebnikach	liczebnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnika	liczebnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnikami	liczebnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnikiem	liczebnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebniki	liczebnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebniki	liczebnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebniki	liczebnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnik	liczebnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnik	liczebnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnikom	liczebnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnikowi	liczebnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebników	liczebnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebniku	liczebnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebniku	liczebnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
liczebnikowo	liczebnikowo	adv:pos		
liczebnikowościach	liczebnikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowościami	liczebnikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowością	liczebnikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowości	liczebnikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowościom	liczebnikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowość	liczebnikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowość	liczebnikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnikowa	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczebnikową	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczebnikową	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liczebnikowego	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liczebnikowego	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczebnikowej	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liczebnikowej	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liczebnikowej	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczebnikowe	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnikowe	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnikowe	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczebnikowe	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liczebnikowemu	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczebnikowi	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczebnikowo	liczebnikowy	adja		
liczebnikowych	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liczebnikowych	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnikowych	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnikowy	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczebnikowy	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liczebnikowymi	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnikowym	liczebnikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnikowym	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczebnikowym	liczebnikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczebnościach	liczebność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnościami	liczebność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnością	liczebność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebności	liczebność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebnościom	liczebność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebność	liczebność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebność	liczebność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczebna	liczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczebną	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczebną	liczebny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liczebnego	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liczebnego	liczebny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczebnej	liczebny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liczebnej	liczebny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liczebnej	liczebny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczebne	liczebny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczebne	liczebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczebne	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczebne	liczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liczebnemu	liczebny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczebniejsi	liczebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
liczebniejsza	liczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
liczebniejszą	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
liczebniejszą	liczebny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
liczebniejszego	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
liczebniejszego	liczebny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczebniejszej	liczebny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
liczebniejszej	liczebny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
liczebniejszej	liczebny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
liczebniejsze	liczebny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
liczebniejsze	liczebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
liczebniejsze	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
liczebniejsze	liczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
liczebniejszemu	liczebny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczebniejszych	liczebny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
liczebniejszych	liczebny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczebniejszych	liczebny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczebniejszy	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
liczebniejszy	liczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
liczebniejszymi	liczebny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczebniejszym	liczebny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczebniejszym	liczebny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczebniejszym	liczebny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczebni	liczebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczebno	liczebny	adja		
liczebnych	liczebny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liczebnych	liczebny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnych	liczebny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebny	liczebny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczebny	liczebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liczebnymi	liczebny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnym	liczebny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczebnym	liczebny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczebnym	liczebny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczeniowościach	liczeniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowościami	liczeniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowością	liczeniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowości	liczeniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowościom	liczeniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowość	liczeniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowość	liczeniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczeniowa	liczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczeniową	liczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczeniową	liczeniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liczeniowego	liczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liczeniowego	liczeniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczeniowej	liczeniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liczeniowej	liczeniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liczeniowej	liczeniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczeniowe	liczeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczeniowe	liczeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczeniowe	liczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczeniowe	liczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liczeniowemu	liczeniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczeniowi	liczeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczeniowo	liczeniowy	adja		
liczeniowych	liczeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liczeniowych	liczeniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczeniowych	liczeniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczeniowy	liczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczeniowy	liczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liczeniowymi	liczeniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczeniowym	liczeniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczeniowym	liczeniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczeniowym	liczeniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczi	liczi	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczi	liczi	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczek	liczko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczkach	liczko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczka	liczko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczka	liczko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczka	liczko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczka	liczko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczkami	liczko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczkiem	liczko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczko	liczko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczko	liczko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczko	liczko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczkom	liczko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczku	liczko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczku	liczko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowościach	liczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowościami	liczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowością	liczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowości	liczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowościom	liczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowość	liczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowość	liczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczkowa	liczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczkową	liczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczkową	liczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liczkowego	liczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liczkowego	liczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczkowej	liczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liczkowej	liczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liczkowej	liczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczkowe	liczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczkowe	liczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczkowe	liczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczkowe	liczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liczkowemu	liczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczkowi	liczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczkowo	liczkowy	adja		
liczkowych	liczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liczkowych	liczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczkowych	liczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczkowy	liczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczkowy	liczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liczkowymi	liczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczkowym	liczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczkowym	liczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczkowym	liczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczmanach	liczman:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmana	liczman:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmana	liczman:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanami	liczman:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanem	liczman:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanie	liczman:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanie	liczman:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmani	liczman:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmani	liczman:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczman	liczman:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanom	liczman:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanowi	liczman:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanów	liczman:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanów	liczman:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczmany	liczman:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liczmany	liczman:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanach	liczman:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmana	liczman:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanami	liczman:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanem	liczman:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanie	liczman:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanie	liczman:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczman	liczman:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczman	liczman:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanom	liczman:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanowi	liczman:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanów	liczman:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmanu	liczman:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmany	liczman:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmany	liczman:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczmany	liczman:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczniej	licznie	adv:com		
licznie	licznie	adv:pos		
licznikach	licznik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznika	licznik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznikami	licznik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznikiem	licznik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczniki	licznik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczniki	licznik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczniki	licznik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznik	licznik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznik	licznik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznikom	licznik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowi	licznik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczników	licznik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczniku	licznik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liczniku	licznik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowościach	licznikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowościami	licznikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowością	licznikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowości	licznikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowościom	licznikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowość	licznikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowość	licznikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznikowa	licznikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
licznikową	licznikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
licznikową	licznikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licznikowego	licznikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licznikowego	licznikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licznikowej	licznikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licznikowej	licznikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licznikowej	licznikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
licznikowe	licznikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licznikowe	licznikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
licznikowe	licznikowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
licznikowe	licznikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licznikowemu	licznikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licznikowi	licznikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
licznikowo	licznikowy	adja		
licznikowych	licznikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licznikowych	licznikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licznikowych	licznikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licznikowy	licznikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
licznikowy	licznikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licznikowymi	licznikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licznikowym	licznikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licznikowym	licznikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licznikowym	licznikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczniej	liczno	adv:com		
liczno	liczno	adv:pos		daw.
licznościach	liczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznościami	liczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznością	liczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczności	liczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
licznościom	liczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczność	liczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczność	liczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczna	liczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczną	liczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczną	liczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
licznego	liczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
licznego	liczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licznej	liczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
licznej	liczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
licznej	liczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczne	liczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczne	liczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczne	liczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczne	liczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
licznemu	liczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczniejsi	liczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
liczniejsza	liczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
liczniejszą	liczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
liczniejszą	liczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
liczniejszego	liczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
liczniejszego	liczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczniejszej	liczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
liczniejszej	liczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
liczniejszej	liczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
liczniejsze	liczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
liczniejsze	liczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
liczniejsze	liczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
liczniejsze	liczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
liczniejszemu	liczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczniejszych	liczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
liczniejszych	liczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczniejszych	liczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczniejszy	liczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
liczniejszy	liczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
liczniejszymi	liczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczniejszym	liczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
liczniejszym	liczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczniejszym	liczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
liczni	liczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczno	liczny	adja		
licznych	liczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
licznych	liczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licznych	liczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczny	liczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczny	liczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
licznymi	liczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licznym	liczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
licznym	liczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licznym	liczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
licząca	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liczącą	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liczącego	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liczącego	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczącej	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liczące	liczyć:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczące	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczącemu	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licząc	liczyć:v1	pcon:imperf		
licząco	liczyć:v1	pacta		
liczących	liczyć:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczących	liczyć:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczący	liczyć:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczący	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liczący	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liczącymi	liczyć:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczącym	liczyć:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczącym	liczyć:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczą	liczyć:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liczcie	liczyć:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liczeniach	liczyć:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczenia	liczyć:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczenia	liczyć:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeniami	liczyć:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liczenie	liczyć:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeniem	liczyć:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeni	liczyć:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczeniom	liczyć:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeniu	liczyć:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeń	liczyć:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liczę	liczyć:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
licz	liczyć:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liczmy	liczyć:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liczona	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liczoną	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liczonego	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liczonego	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczonej	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liczone	liczyć:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczone	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczonemu	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczono	liczyć:v1	imps:imperf		
liczonych	liczyć:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczonych	liczyć:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczony	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liczony	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liczonymi	liczyć:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczonym	liczyć:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczonym	liczyć:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczycie	liczyć:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liczyć	liczyć:v1	inf:imperf		
liczyliby	liczyć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liczylibyście	liczyć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liczylibyśmy	liczyć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liczy	liczyć:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liczyli	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liczyli	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liczyliście	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liczyliśmy	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liczyłaby	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liczyłabym	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liczyłabyś	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liczyła	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liczyła	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liczyłam	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liczyłaś	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liczyłby	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liczyłbym	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liczyłbyś	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liczyłem	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liczyłeś	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liczył	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liczył	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liczyłoby	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liczyłobym	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liczyłobyś	liczyć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liczyło	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liczyło	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liczyłom	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liczyłoś	liczyć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liczyłyby	liczyć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liczyłybyście	liczyć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liczyłybyśmy	liczyć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liczyły	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liczyły	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liczyłyście	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liczyłyśmy	liczyć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liczymy	liczyć:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liczysz	liczyć:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
licząca	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liczącą	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liczącego	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liczącego	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczącej	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liczące	liczyć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczące	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczącemu	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
licząc	liczyć:v2	pcon:imperf		
licząco	liczyć:v2	pacta		
liczących	liczyć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczących	liczyć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczący	liczyć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liczący	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liczący	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liczącymi	liczyć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczącym	liczyć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liczącym	liczyć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liczą	liczyć:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liczcie	liczyć:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liczeniach	liczyć:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczenia	liczyć:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczenia	liczyć:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeniami	liczyć:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liczenie	liczyć:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeniem	liczyć:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeniom	liczyć:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeniu	liczyć:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liczeń	liczyć:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liczę	liczyć:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
licz	liczyć:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liczmy	liczyć:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liczono	liczyć:v2	imps:imperf		
liczycie	liczyć:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liczyć	liczyć:v2	inf:imperf		
liczyliby	liczyć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liczylibyście	liczyć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liczylibyśmy	liczyć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liczy	liczyć:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liczyli	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liczyli	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liczyliście	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liczyliśmy	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liczyłaby	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liczyłabym	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liczyłabyś	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liczyła	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liczyła	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liczyłam	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liczyłaś	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liczyłby	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liczyłbym	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liczyłbyś	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liczyłem	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liczyłeś	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liczył	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liczył	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liczyłoby	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liczyłobym	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liczyłobyś	liczyć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liczyło	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liczyło	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liczyłom	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liczyłoś	liczyć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liczyłyby	liczyć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liczyłybyście	liczyć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liczyłybyśmy	liczyć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liczyły	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liczyły	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liczyłyście	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liczyłyśmy	liczyć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liczymy	liczyć:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liczysz	liczyć:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liczydełek	liczydełko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełkach	liczydełko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełka	liczydełko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełka	liczydełko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełka	liczydełko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełka	liczydełko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełkami	liczydełko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełkiem	liczydełko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełko	liczydełko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełko	liczydełko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełko	liczydełko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełkom	liczydełko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełku	liczydełko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydełku	liczydełko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydeł	liczydło	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydle	liczydło	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłach	liczydło	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydła	liczydło	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydła	liczydło	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydła	liczydło	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydła	liczydło	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłami	liczydło	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłem	liczydło	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydło	liczydło	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydło	liczydło	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydło	liczydło	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłom	liczydło	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłu	liczydło	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowościach	liczydłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowościami	liczydłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowością	liczydłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowości	liczydłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowościom	liczydłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowość	liczydłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowość	liczydłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczydłowa	liczydłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczydłową	liczydłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczydłową	liczydłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liczydłowego	liczydłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liczydłowego	liczydłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczydłowej	liczydłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liczydłowej	liczydłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liczydłowej	liczydłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczydłowe	liczydłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczydłowe	liczydłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczydłowe	liczydłowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczydłowe	liczydłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liczydłowemu	liczydłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczydłowi	liczydłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczydłowo	liczydłowy	adja		
liczydłowych	liczydłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liczydłowych	liczydłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczydłowych	liczydłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczydłowy	liczydłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczydłowy	liczydłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liczydłowymi	liczydłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczydłowym	liczydłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczydłowym	liczydłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczydłowym	liczydłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczygroszach	liczygrosz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygrosza	liczygrosz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygrosza	liczygrosz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszami	liczygrosz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygrosze	liczygrosz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liczygrosze	liczygrosz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liczygrosze	liczygrosz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygrosze	liczygrosz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszem	liczygrosz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygrosz	liczygrosz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszom	liczygrosz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszowi	liczygrosz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszów	liczygrosz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszów	liczygrosz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszu	liczygrosz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszu	liczygrosz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszy	liczygrosz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczygroszy	liczygrosz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopach	liczykopa	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopa	liczykopa	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopami	liczykopa	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopą	liczykopa	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopę	liczykopa	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopie	liczykopa	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopie	liczykopa	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopo	liczykopa	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopom	liczykopa	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopowie	liczykopa	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopowie	liczykopa	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopów	liczykopa	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopów	liczykopa	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopy	liczykopa	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopy	liczykopa	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykopy	liczykopa	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupach	liczykrupa:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupa	liczykrupa:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupami	liczykrupa:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupą	liczykrupa:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupę	liczykrupa:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupie	liczykrupa:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupie	liczykrupa:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrup	liczykrupa:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupo	liczykrupa:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupom	liczykrupa:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupy	liczykrupa:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupy	liczykrupa:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupy	liczykrupa:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupy	liczykrupa:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupach	liczykrupa:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupa	liczykrupa:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupami	liczykrupa:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupą	liczykrupa:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupę	liczykrupa:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupie	liczykrupa:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupie	liczykrupa:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupo	liczykrupa:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupom	liczykrupa:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupowie	liczykrupa:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupowie	liczykrupa:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupów	liczykrupa:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupów	liczykrupa:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupy	liczykrupa:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupy	liczykrupa:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupy	liczykrupa:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liczykrupia	liczykrupi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liczykrupią	liczykrupi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liczykrupią	liczykrupi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liczykrupich	liczykrupi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liczykrupich	liczykrupi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczykrupich	liczykrupi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczykrupiego	liczykrupi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liczykrupiego	liczykrupi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczykrupiej	liczykrupi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liczykrupiej	liczykrupi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liczykrupiej	liczykrupi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liczykrupie	liczykrupi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczykrupie	liczykrupi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liczykrupie	liczykrupi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liczykrupie	liczykrupi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liczykrupiemu	liczykrupi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczykrupi	liczykrupi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liczykrupi	liczykrupi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liczykrupi	liczykrupi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liczykrupimi	liczykrupi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczykrupim	liczykrupi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liczykrupim	liczykrupi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczykrupim	liczykrupi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liczykrupio	liczykrupi	adja		
liczykrupiościach	liczykrupiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiościami	liczykrupiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiością	liczykrupiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiości	liczykrupiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiościom	liczykrupiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiość	liczykrupiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupiość	liczykrupiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwach	liczykrupstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwa	liczykrupstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwa	liczykrupstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwa	liczykrupstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwa	liczykrupstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwami	liczykrupstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwem	liczykrupstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwie	liczykrupstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstw	liczykrupstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwo	liczykrupstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwo	liczykrupstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwo	liczykrupstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwom	liczykrupstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liczykrupstwu	liczykrupstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liciach	lić	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liciami	lić	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
licią	lić	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lici	lić	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liciom	lić	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lić	lić	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lić	lić	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liderach	lider	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lidera	lider	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lidera	lider	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderami	lider	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderem	lider	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lider	lider	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderom	lider	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderowi	lider	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderów	lider	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderów	lider	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lidery	lider	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lidery	lider	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liderze	lider	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderze	lider	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderzy	lider	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderzy	lider	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liderce	liderka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderce	liderka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderek	liderka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderkach	liderka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderka	liderka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderkami	liderka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderką	liderka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderkę	liderka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderki	liderka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderki	liderka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderki	liderka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderki	liderka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderko	liderka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderkom	liderka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liderować	liderować	inf:imperf		
liderowaliby	liderować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liderowalibyście	liderować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liderowalibyśmy	liderować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liderowali	liderować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liderowali	liderować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liderowaliście	liderować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liderowaliśmy	liderować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liderowałaby	liderować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liderowałabym	liderować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liderowałabyś	liderować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liderowała	liderować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liderowała	liderować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liderowałam	liderować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liderowałaś	liderować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liderowałby	liderować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liderowałbym	liderować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liderowałbyś	liderować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liderowałem	liderować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liderowałeś	liderować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liderował	liderować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liderował	liderować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liderowałoby	liderować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liderowałobym	liderować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liderowałobyś	liderować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liderowało	liderować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liderowało	liderować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liderowałom	liderować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liderowałoś	liderować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liderowałyby	liderować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liderowałybyście	liderować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liderowałybyśmy	liderować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liderowały	liderować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liderowały	liderować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liderowałyście	liderować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liderowałyśmy	liderować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liderowaniach	liderować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowania	liderować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowania	liderować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowaniami	liderować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowanie	liderować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowaniem	liderować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowaniom	liderować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowaniu	liderować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liderowano	liderować	imps:imperf		
liderowań	liderować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liderująca	liderować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liderującą	liderować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liderującego	liderować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liderującego	liderować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liderującej	liderować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liderujące	liderować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liderujące	liderować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liderującemu	liderować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liderując	liderować	pcon:imperf		
liderująco	liderować	pacta		
liderujących	liderować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liderujących	liderować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liderujący	liderować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liderujący	liderować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liderujący	liderować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liderującymi	liderować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liderującym	liderować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liderującym	liderować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liderują	liderować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liderujcie	liderować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liderujecie	liderować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lideruje	liderować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liderujemy	liderować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liderujesz	liderować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lideruję	liderować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lideruj	liderować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liderujmy	liderować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lido	lido	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lido	lido	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainach	lidokaina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokaina	lidokaina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainami	lidokaina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainą	lidokaina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainę	lidokaina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainie	lidokaina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainie	lidokaina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokain	lidokaina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokaino	lidokaina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainom	lidokaina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainy	lidokaina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainy	lidokaina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainy	lidokaina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidokainy	lidokaina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjscy	lidyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lidyjska	lidyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lidyjską	lidyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lidyjską	lidyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lidyjskich	lidyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lidyjskich	lidyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidyjskich	lidyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidyjskiego	lidyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lidyjskiego	lidyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidyjskiej	lidyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lidyjskiej	lidyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lidyjskiej	lidyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lidyjskie	lidyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lidyjskie	lidyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lidyjskie	lidyjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lidyjskie	lidyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lidyjskiemu	lidyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidyjski	lidyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lidyjski	lidyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lidyjskimi	lidyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidyjskim	lidyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidyjskim	lidyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidyjskim	lidyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidyjsko	lidyjski	adja		
lidyjsku	lidyjski	adjp		
lidyjsko	lidyjsko	adv:pos		
lidyjskościach	lidyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskościami	lidyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskością	lidyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskości	lidyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskościom	lidyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskość	lidyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidyjskość	lidyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidycie	lidyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidycie	lidyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidytach	lidyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidytami	lidyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidytem	lidyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidyt	lidyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidyt	lidyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidytom	lidyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidytowi	lidyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidytów	lidyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidytu	lidyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidyty	lidyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidyty	lidyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidyty	lidyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarscy	lidzbarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lidzbarska	lidzbarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lidzbarską	lidzbarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lidzbarską	lidzbarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lidzbarskich	lidzbarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lidzbarskich	lidzbarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzbarskich	lidzbarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzbarskiego	lidzbarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lidzbarskiego	lidzbarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzbarskiej	lidzbarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lidzbarskiej	lidzbarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lidzbarskiej	lidzbarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lidzbarskie	lidzbarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lidzbarskie	lidzbarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lidzbarskie	lidzbarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lidzbarskie	lidzbarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lidzbarskiemu	lidzbarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzbarski	lidzbarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lidzbarski	lidzbarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lidzbarskimi	lidzbarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzbarskim	lidzbarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzbarskim	lidzbarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzbarskim	lidzbarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzbarsko	lidzbarski	adja		
lidzbarsku	lidzbarski	adjp		
lidzbarsko	lidzbarsko	adv:pos		
lidzbarskościach	lidzbarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskościami	lidzbarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskością	lidzbarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskości	lidzbarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskościom	lidzbarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskość	lidzbarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzbarskość	lidzbarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzcy	lidzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lidzka	lidzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lidzką	lidzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lidzką	lidzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lidzkich	lidzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lidzkich	lidzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzkich	lidzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzkiego	lidzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lidzkiego	lidzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzkiej	lidzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lidzkiej	lidzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lidzkiej	lidzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lidzkie	lidzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lidzkie	lidzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lidzkie	lidzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lidzkie	lidzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lidzkiemu	lidzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzki	lidzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lidzki	lidzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lidzkimi	lidzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzkim	lidzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lidzkim	lidzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzkim	lidzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidzko	lidzki	adja		
lidzku	lidzki	adjp		
lidzko	lidzko	adv:pos		
lidzkościach	lidzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkościami	lidzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkością	lidzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkości	lidzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkościom	lidzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkość	lidzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidzkość	lidzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowościach	lifestylowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowościami	lifestylowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowością	lifestylowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowości	lifestylowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowościom	lifestylowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowość	lifestylowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowość	lifestylowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lifestylowa	lifestylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lifestylową	lifestylowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lifestylową	lifestylowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lifestylowego	lifestylowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lifestylowego	lifestylowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lifestylowej	lifestylowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lifestylowej	lifestylowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lifestylowej	lifestylowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lifestylowe	lifestylowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lifestylowe	lifestylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lifestylowe	lifestylowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lifestylowe	lifestylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lifestylowemu	lifestylowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lifestylowi	lifestylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lifestylowo	lifestylowy	adja		
lifestylowych	lifestylowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lifestylowych	lifestylowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lifestylowych	lifestylowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lifestylowy	lifestylowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lifestylowy	lifestylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lifestylowymi	lifestylowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lifestylowym	lifestylowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lifestylowym	lifestylowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lifestylowym	lifestylowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lifcie	lift	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lifcie	lift	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftach	lift	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftami	lift	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftem	lift	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lift	lift	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lift	lift	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftom	lift	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftowi	lift	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftów	lift	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftu	lift	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lifty	lift	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lifty	lift	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lifty	lift	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingach	lifting	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingami	lifting	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingiem	lifting	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingi	lifting	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingi	lifting	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingi	lifting	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lifting	lifting	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lifting	lifting	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingom	lifting	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingowi	lifting	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingów	lifting	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingu	lifting	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingu	lifting	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingu	lifting	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liftingować	liftingować	inf:imperf		
liftingowaliby	liftingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liftingowalibyście	liftingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liftingowalibyśmy	liftingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liftingowali	liftingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liftingowali	liftingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liftingowaliście	liftingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liftingowaliśmy	liftingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liftingowałaby	liftingować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liftingowałabym	liftingować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liftingowałabyś	liftingować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liftingowała	liftingować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liftingowała	liftingować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liftingowałam	liftingować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liftingowałaś	liftingować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liftingowałby	liftingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liftingowałbym	liftingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liftingowałbyś	liftingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liftingowałem	liftingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liftingowałeś	liftingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liftingował	liftingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liftingował	liftingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liftingowałoby	liftingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liftingowałobym	liftingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liftingowałobyś	liftingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liftingowało	liftingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liftingowało	liftingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liftingowałom	liftingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liftingowałoś	liftingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liftingowałyby	liftingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liftingowałybyście	liftingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liftingowałybyśmy	liftingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liftingowały	liftingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liftingowały	liftingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liftingowałyście	liftingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liftingowałyśmy	liftingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liftingowano	liftingować	imps:imperf		
liftingując	liftingować	pcon:imperf		
liftingują	liftingować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liftingujcie	liftingować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liftingujecie	liftingować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liftinguje	liftingować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liftingujemy	liftingować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liftingujesz	liftingować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liftinguję	liftingować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liftinguj	liftingować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liftingujmy	liftingować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liftingowo	liftingowo	adv:pos		
liftingowościach	liftingowość	subst:pl:loc:f		
liftingowościami	liftingowość	subst:pl:inst:f		
liftingowością	liftingowość	subst:sg:inst:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:pl:acc:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:pl:gen:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:pl:nom:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:pl:voc:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:sg:dat:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:sg:gen:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:sg:loc:f		
liftingowości	liftingowość	subst:sg:voc:f		
liftingowościom	liftingowość	subst:pl:dat:f		
liftingowość	liftingowość	subst:sg:acc:f		
liftingowość	liftingowość	subst:sg:nom:f		
liftingowa	liftingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liftingową	liftingowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liftingową	liftingowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liftingowego	liftingowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liftingowego	liftingowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftingowej	liftingowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liftingowej	liftingowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liftingowej	liftingowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liftingowe	liftingowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liftingowe	liftingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liftingowe	liftingowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liftingowe	liftingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liftingowemu	liftingowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftingowi	liftingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liftingowo	liftingowy	adja		
liftingowych	liftingowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liftingowych	liftingowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingowych	liftingowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingowy	liftingowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liftingowy	liftingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liftingowymi	liftingowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingowym	liftingowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingowym	liftingowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftingowym	liftingowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftingująco	liftingująco	adv:pos		
liftingująca	liftingujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liftingującą	liftingujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liftingującą	liftingujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liftingującego	liftingujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liftingującego	liftingujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftingującej	liftingujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liftingującej	liftingujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liftingującej	liftingujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liftingujące	liftingujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liftingujące	liftingujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liftingujące	liftingujący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liftingujące	liftingujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liftingującemu	liftingujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftingująco	liftingujący	adja		
liftingujących	liftingujący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liftingujących	liftingujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingujących	liftingujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingujący	liftingujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liftingujący	liftingujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liftingujący	liftingujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liftingującymi	liftingujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingującym	liftingujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftingującym	liftingujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftingującym	liftingujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftować	liftować	inf:imperf		sport.
liftowaliby	liftować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowalibyście	liftować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowalibyśmy	liftować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowali	liftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		sport.
liftowali	liftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowaliście	liftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowaliśmy	liftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowałaby	liftować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałabym	liftować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowałabyś	liftować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowała	liftować	praet:sg:f:imperf		sport.
liftowała	liftować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałam	liftować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowałaś	liftować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowałby	liftować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałbym	liftować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowałbyś	liftować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowałem	liftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowałeś	liftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		sport.
liftował	liftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		sport.
liftował	liftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałoby	liftować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałobym	liftować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowałobyś	liftować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowało	liftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		sport.
liftowało	liftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałom	liftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowałoś	liftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowałyby	liftować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałybyście	liftować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowałybyśmy	liftować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowały	liftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		sport.
liftowały	liftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		sport.
liftowałyście	liftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		sport.
liftowałyśmy	liftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowana	liftować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liftowaną	liftować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liftowanego	liftować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liftowanego	liftować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftowanej	liftować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liftowane	liftować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftowane	liftować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftowanemu	liftować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftowaniach	liftować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowania	liftować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowania	liftować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowaniami	liftować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowanie	liftować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowaniem	liftować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowani	liftować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liftowaniom	liftować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowaniu	liftować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liftowano	liftować	imps:imperf		sport.
liftowanych	liftować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liftowanych	liftować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftowany	liftować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liftowany	liftować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liftowanymi	liftować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftowanym	liftować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftowanym	liftować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftowań	liftować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liftująca	liftować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liftującą	liftować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liftującego	liftować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liftującego	liftować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftującej	liftować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liftujące	liftować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftujące	liftować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftującemu	liftować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftując	liftować	pcon:imperf		sport.
liftująco	liftować	pacta		
liftujących	liftować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liftujących	liftować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftujący	liftować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liftujący	liftować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liftujący	liftować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liftującymi	liftować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftującym	liftować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liftującym	liftować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liftują	liftować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		sport.
liftujcie	liftować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		sport.
liftujecie	liftować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		sport.
liftuje	liftować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		sport.
liftujemy	liftować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		sport.
liftujesz	liftować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		sport.
liftuję	liftować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		sport.
liftuj	liftować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		sport.
liftujmy	liftować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		sport.
liftowanościach	liftowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowanościami	liftowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowanością	liftowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaności	liftowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowanościom	liftowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaność	liftowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowaność	liftowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liftowana	liftowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liftowaną	liftowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liftowaną	liftowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liftowanego	liftowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liftowanego	liftowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftowanej	liftowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liftowanej	liftowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liftowanej	liftowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liftowane	liftowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liftowane	liftowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liftowane	liftowany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liftowane	liftowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liftowanemu	liftowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftowani	liftowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liftowano	liftowany	adja		
liftowanych	liftowany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liftowanych	liftowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftowanych	liftowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftowany	liftowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liftowany	liftowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liftowanymi	liftowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftowanym	liftowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liftowanym	liftowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liftowanym	liftowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lidze	liga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lidze	liga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligach	liga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liga	liga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligami	liga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligą	liga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligę	liga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligi	liga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligi	liga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligi	liga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligi	liga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lig	liga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligo	liga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligom	liga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligacie	ligać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligać	ligać	inf:imperf		gwar.
ligająca	ligać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
ligającą	ligać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
ligającego	ligać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
ligającego	ligać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ligającej	ligać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ligające	ligać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ligające	ligać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ligającemu	ligać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ligając	ligać	pcon:imperf		gwar.
ligająco	ligać	pacta		
ligających	ligać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ligających	ligać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ligający	ligać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
ligający	ligać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ligający	ligać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
ligającymi	ligać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ligającym	ligać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ligającym	ligać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ligają	ligać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligajcie	ligać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligaj	ligać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligajmy	ligać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligaliby	ligać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligalibyście	ligać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligalibyśmy	ligać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		gwar.
liga	ligać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligali	ligać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		gwar.
ligali	ligać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligaliście	ligać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligaliśmy	ligać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligałaby	ligać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałabym	ligać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligałabyś	ligać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligała	ligać	praet:sg:f:imperf		gwar.
ligała	ligać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałam	ligać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligałaś	ligać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligałby	ligać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałbym	ligać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligałbyś	ligać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligałem	ligać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligałeś	ligać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligał	ligać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		gwar.
ligał	ligać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałoby	ligać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałobym	ligać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligałobyś	ligać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligało	ligać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		gwar.
ligało	ligać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałom	ligać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligałoś	ligać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligałyby	ligać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałybyście	ligać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligałybyśmy	ligać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligały	ligać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		gwar.
ligały	ligać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		gwar.
ligałyście	ligać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligałyśmy	ligać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligam	ligać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligamy	ligać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		gwar.
ligana	ligać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liganą	ligać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liganego	ligać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liganego	ligać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liganej	ligać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
ligane	ligać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ligane	ligać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liganemu	ligać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liganiach	ligać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ligania	ligać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
ligania	ligać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liganiami	ligać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liganie	ligać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liganiem	ligać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
ligani	ligać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liganiom	ligać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liganiu	ligać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
ligano	ligać	imps:imperf		gwar.
liganych	ligać	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liganych	ligać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
ligany	ligać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
ligany	ligać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liganymi	ligać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liganym	ligać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liganym	ligać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
ligań	ligać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
ligasz	ligać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		gwar.
ligandach	ligand	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liganda	ligand	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandami	ligand	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandem	ligand	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligand	ligand	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligand	ligand	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandom	ligand	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandowi	ligand	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandów	ligand	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandy	ligand	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandy	ligand	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandy	ligand	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandzie	ligand	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligandzie	ligand	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligarach	ligar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligara	ligar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligarami	ligar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligarem	ligar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligar	ligar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligar	ligar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligarom	ligar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligarowi	ligar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligarów	ligar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligary	ligar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligary	ligar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligary	ligar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligarze	ligar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligarze	ligar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
ligaturach	ligatura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligatura	ligatura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaturami	ligatura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaturą	ligatura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaturę	ligatura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligatur	ligatura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaturo	ligatura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaturom	ligatura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligatury	ligatura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligatury	ligatura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligatury	ligatura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligatury	ligatura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaturze	ligatura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaturze	ligatura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawicach	ligawica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawica	ligawica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawicami	ligawica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawicą	ligawica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawice	ligawica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawice	ligawica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawice	ligawica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawicę	ligawica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawic	ligawica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawico	ligawica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawicom	ligawica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawicy	ligawica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawicy	ligawica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawicy	ligawica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ligawce	ligawka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawce	ligawka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawek	ligawka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawkach	ligawka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawka	ligawka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawkami	ligawka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawką	ligawka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawkę	ligawka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawki	ligawka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawki	ligawka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawki	ligawka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawki	ligawka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawko	ligawka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligawkom	ligawka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazach	ligaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaza	ligaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazami	ligaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazą	ligaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazę	ligaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazie	ligaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazie	ligaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligaz	ligaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazo	ligaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazom	ligaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazy	ligaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazy	ligaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazy	ligaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligazy	ligaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignąć	lignąć	inf:perf		gwar.
ligną	lignąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		gwar.
lignąłby	lignąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		gwar.
lignąłbym	lignąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		gwar.
lignąłbyś	lignąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		gwar.
lignąłem	lignąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		gwar.
lignąłeś	lignąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		gwar.
lignął	lignąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		gwar.
lignął	lignąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		gwar.
lignąwszy	lignąć	pant:perf		gwar.
lignęliby	lignąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęlibyście	lignąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęlibyśmy	lignąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		gwar.
lignę	lignąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		gwar.
lignęli	lignąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		gwar.
lignęli	lignąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęliście	lignąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęliśmy	lignąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		gwar.
lignęłaby	lignąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęłabym	lignąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		gwar.
lignęłabyś	lignąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęła	lignąć	praet:sg:f:perf		gwar.
lignęła	lignąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęłam	lignąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		gwar.
lignęłaś	lignąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęłoby	lignąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęłobym	lignąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		gwar.
lignęłobyś	lignąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęło	lignąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		gwar.
lignęło	lignąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęłom	lignąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		gwar.
lignęłoś	lignąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęłyby	lignąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęłybyście	lignąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęłybyśmy	lignąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		gwar.
lignęły	lignąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		gwar.
lignęły	lignąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		gwar.
lignęłyście	lignąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		gwar.
lignęłyśmy	lignąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		gwar.
ligniecie	lignąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		gwar.
lignie	lignąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		gwar.
ligniemy	lignąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		gwar.
ligniesz	lignąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		gwar.
lignięciach	lignąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
lignięcia	lignąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
lignięcia	lignąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
lignięciami	lignąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
lignięcie	lignąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
lignięciem	lignąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
lignięci	lignąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
lignięciom	lignąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
lignięciu	lignąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
lignięć	lignąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
lignięta	lignąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
ligniętą	lignąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
ligniętego	lignąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
ligniętego	lignąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
ligniętej	lignąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
lignięte	lignąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lignięte	lignąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
ligniętemu	lignąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
lignięto	lignąć	imps:perf		gwar.
ligniętych	lignąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
ligniętych	lignąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lignięty	lignąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
lignięty	lignąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
ligniętymi	lignąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
ligniętym	lignąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
ligniętym	lignąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
lignijcie	lignąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		gwar.
lignij	lignąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		gwar.
lignijmy	lignąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		gwar.
lignifikacjach	lignifikacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacja	lignifikacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacjami	lignifikacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacją	lignifikacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacje	lignifikacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacje	lignifikacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacje	lignifikacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikację	lignifikacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacji	lignifikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lignifikacji	lignifikacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacji	lignifikacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacji	lignifikacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacjo	lignifikacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacjom	lignifikacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignifikacyj	lignifikacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ligninach	lignina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignina	lignina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninami	lignina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligniną	lignina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninę	lignina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninie	lignina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninie	lignina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignin	lignina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignino	lignina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninom	lignina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligniny	lignina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligniny	lignina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligniny	lignina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligniny	lignina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowościach	ligninowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowościami	ligninowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowością	ligninowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowości	ligninowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowościom	ligninowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowość	ligninowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowość	ligninowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligninowa	ligninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ligninową	ligninowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ligninową	ligninowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ligninowego	ligninowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ligninowego	ligninowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligninowej	ligninowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ligninowej	ligninowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ligninowej	ligninowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ligninowe	ligninowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligninowe	ligninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligninowe	ligninowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ligninowe	ligninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ligninowemu	ligninowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligninowi	ligninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ligninowo	ligninowy	adja		
ligninowych	ligninowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ligninowych	ligninowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligninowych	ligninowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligninowy	ligninowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ligninowy	ligninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ligninowymi	ligninowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligninowym	ligninowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligninowym	ligninowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligninowym	ligninowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lignicie	lignit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignicie	lignit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitach	lignit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitami	lignit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitem	lignit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignit	lignit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignit	lignit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitom	lignit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowi	lignit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitów	lignit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitu	lignit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignity	lignit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignity	lignit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignity	lignit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowościach	lignitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowościami	lignitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowością	lignitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowości	lignitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowościom	lignitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowość	lignitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowość	lignitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignitowa	lignitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lignitową	lignitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lignitową	lignitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lignitowego	lignitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lignitowego	lignitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lignitowej	lignitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lignitowej	lignitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lignitowej	lignitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lignitowe	lignitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lignitowe	lignitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lignitowe	lignitowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lignitowe	lignitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lignitowemu	lignitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lignitowi	lignitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lignitowo	lignitowy	adja		
lignitowych	lignitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lignitowych	lignitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lignitowych	lignitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lignitowy	lignitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lignitowy	lignitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lignitowymi	lignitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lignitowym	lignitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lignitowym	lignitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lignitowym	lignitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lignofolach	lignofol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofolami	lignofol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofole	lignofol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofole	lignofol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofole	lignofol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofolem	lignofol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofoli	lignofol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofol	lignofol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofol	lignofol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofolom	lignofol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofolowi	lignofol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofolu	lignofol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofolu	lignofol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignofolu	lignofol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainach	lignokaina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokaina	lignokaina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainami	lignokaina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainą	lignokaina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainę	lignokaina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainie	lignokaina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainie	lignokaina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokain	lignokaina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokaino	lignokaina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainom	lignokaina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainy	lignokaina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainy	lignokaina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainy	lignokaina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignokainy	lignokaina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonach	lignoston	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonami	lignoston	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonem	lignoston	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonie	lignoston	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonie	lignoston	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignoston	lignoston	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignoston	lignoston	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonom	lignoston	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonowi	lignoston	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonów	lignoston	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostonu	lignoston	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostony	lignoston	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostony	lignoston	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignostony	lignoston	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lignozach	lignoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignoza	lignoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozami	lignoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozą	lignoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozę	lignoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozie	lignoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozie	lignoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignoz	lignoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozo	lignoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozom	lignoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozy	lignoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozy	lignoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozy	lignoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lignozy	lignoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomaniach	ligomania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomania	ligomania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomaniami	ligomania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanią	ligomania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanie	ligomania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanie	ligomania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanie	ligomania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanię	ligomania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanii	ligomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ligomanii	ligomania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanii	ligomania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanii	ligomania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomanij	ligomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ligomanio	ligomania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligomaniom	ligomania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcach	ligowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowca	ligowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowca	ligowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcami	ligowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowce	ligowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ligowce	ligowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcem	ligowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcom	ligowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcowi	ligowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowców	ligowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowców	ligowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcu	ligowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcu	ligowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcy	ligowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowcy	ligowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowiec	ligowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ligowościach	ligowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowościami	ligowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowością	ligowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowości	ligowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowościom	ligowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowość	ligowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowość	ligowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligowa	ligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ligową	ligowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ligową	ligowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ligowego	ligowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ligowego	ligowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligowej	ligowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ligowej	ligowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ligowej	ligowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ligowe	ligowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligowe	ligowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligowe	ligowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ligowe	ligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ligowemu	ligowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligowi	ligowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ligowo	ligowy	adja		
ligowych	ligowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ligowych	ligowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligowych	ligowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligowy	ligowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ligowy	ligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ligowymi	ligowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligowym	ligowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligowym	ligowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligowym	ligowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligroinach	ligroina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroina	ligroina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinami	ligroina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroiną	ligroina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinę	ligroina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinie	ligroina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinie	ligroina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroin	ligroina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroino	ligroina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinom	ligroina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroiny	ligroina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroiny	ligroina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroiny	ligroina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroiny	ligroina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowościach	ligroinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowościami	ligroinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowością	ligroinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowości	ligroinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowościom	ligroinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowość	ligroinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowość	ligroinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligroinowa	ligroinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ligroinową	ligroinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ligroinową	ligroinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ligroinowego	ligroinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ligroinowego	ligroinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligroinowej	ligroinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ligroinowej	ligroinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ligroinowej	ligroinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ligroinowe	ligroinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligroinowe	ligroinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligroinowe	ligroinowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ligroinowe	ligroinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ligroinowemu	ligroinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligroinowi	ligroinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ligroinowo	ligroinowy	adja		
ligroinowych	ligroinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ligroinowych	ligroinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligroinowych	ligroinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligroinowy	ligroinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ligroinowy	ligroinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ligroinowymi	ligroinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligroinowym	ligroinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligroinowym	ligroinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligroinowym	ligroinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liguryjscy	liguryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liguryjska	liguryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liguryjską	liguryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liguryjską	liguryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liguryjskich	liguryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liguryjskich	liguryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liguryjskich	liguryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liguryjskiego	liguryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liguryjskiego	liguryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liguryjskiej	liguryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liguryjskiej	liguryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liguryjskiej	liguryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liguryjskie	liguryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liguryjskie	liguryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liguryjskie	liguryjski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liguryjskie	liguryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liguryjskiemu	liguryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liguryjski	liguryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liguryjski	liguryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liguryjskimi	liguryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liguryjskim	liguryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liguryjskim	liguryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liguryjskim	liguryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liguryjsko	liguryjski	adja		
liguryjsku	liguryjski	adjp		
liguryjsko	liguryjsko	adv:pos		
liguryjskościach	liguryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskościami	liguryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskością	liguryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskości	liguryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskościom	liguryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskość	liguryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liguryjskość	liguryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrach	ligustr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrami	ligustr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrem	ligustr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustr	ligustr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustr	ligustr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrom	ligustr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowi	ligustr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrów	ligustr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustru	ligustr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustry	ligustr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustry	ligustr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustry	ligustr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrze	ligustr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrze	ligustr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowościach	ligustrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowościami	ligustrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowością	ligustrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowości	ligustrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowościom	ligustrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowość	ligustrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowość	ligustrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ligustrowa	ligustrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ligustrową	ligustrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ligustrową	ligustrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ligustrowego	ligustrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ligustrowego	ligustrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligustrowej	ligustrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ligustrowej	ligustrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ligustrowej	ligustrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ligustrowe	ligustrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligustrowe	ligustrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ligustrowe	ligustrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ligustrowe	ligustrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ligustrowemu	ligustrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligustrowi	ligustrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ligustrowo	ligustrowy	adja		
ligustrowych	ligustrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ligustrowych	ligustrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligustrowych	ligustrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligustrowy	ligustrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ligustrowy	ligustrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ligustrowymi	ligustrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligustrowym	ligustrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ligustrowym	ligustrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ligustrowym	ligustrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likach	lik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
likami	lik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
likiem	lik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
liki	lik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
liki	lik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
liki	lik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
lik	lik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
lik	lik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
likom	lik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
likowi	lik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
lików	lik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
liku	lik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
liku	lik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
liku	lik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	książk.
lice	lika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lice	lika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likach	lika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lika	lika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likami	lika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liką	lika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likę	lika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liki	lika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liki	lika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liki	lika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liki	lika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lik	lika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liko	lika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likom	lika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likantropiach	likantropia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropia	likantropia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropiami	likantropia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropią	likantropia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropie	likantropia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropie	likantropia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropie	likantropia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropię	likantropia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropii	likantropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|rzad.
likantropii	likantropia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropii	likantropia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropii	likantropia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropij	likantropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|rzad.
likantropio	likantropia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likantropiom	likantropia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
likaonach	likaon	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaona	likaon	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaona	likaon	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaonami	likaon	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaonem	likaon	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaonie	likaon	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaonie	likaon	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaon	likaon	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaonom	likaon	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaonowi	likaon	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaonów	likaon	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaony	likaon	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaony	likaon	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaony	likaon	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likaońscy	likaoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
likaońska	likaoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
likaońską	likaoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
likaońską	likaoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
likaońskich	likaoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
likaońskich	likaoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likaońskich	likaoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likaońskiego	likaoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
likaońskiego	likaoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likaońskiej	likaoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
likaońskiej	likaoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
likaońskiej	likaoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
likaońskie	likaoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likaońskie	likaoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likaońskie	likaoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
likaońskie	likaoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
likaońskiemu	likaoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likaoński	likaoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
likaoński	likaoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
likaońskimi	likaoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likaońskim	likaoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likaońskim	likaoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likaońskim	likaoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likaońsko	likaoński	adja		
likaońsku	likaoński	adjp		
likaońsko	likaońsko	adv:pos		
likaońskościach	likaońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskościami	likaońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskością	likaońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskości	likaońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskościom	likaońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskość	likaońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likaońskość	likaońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierach	likier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierami	likier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierem	likier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likier	likier	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likier	likier	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierom	likier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierowi	likier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierów	likier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likieru	likier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiery	likier	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiery	likier	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiery	likier	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierze	likier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierze	likier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczek	likiereczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczek	likiereczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczkach	likiereczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczkami	likiereczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczkiem	likiereczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczki	likiereczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczki	likiereczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczki	likiereczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczkom	likiereczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczkowi	likiereczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczków	likiereczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczku	likiereczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczku	likiereczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likiereczku	likiereczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierek	likierek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierek	likierek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierkach	likierek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierkami	likierek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierkiem	likierek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierki	likierek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierki	likierek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierki	likierek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierkom	likierek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierkowi	likierek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierków	likierek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierku	likierek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierku	likierek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierku	likierek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likierowościach	likierowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowościami	likierowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowością	likierowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowości	likierowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowościom	likierowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowość	likierowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowość	likierowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likierowa	likierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
likierową	likierowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
likierową	likierowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
likierowego	likierowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
likierowego	likierowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likierowej	likierowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
likierowej	likierowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
likierowej	likierowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
likierowe	likierowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likierowe	likierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likierowe	likierowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
likierowe	likierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
likierowemu	likierowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likierowi	likierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
likierowo	likierowy	adja		
likierowych	likierowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
likierowych	likierowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likierowych	likierowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likierowy	likierowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
likierowy	likierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
likierowymi	likierowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likierowym	likierowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likierowym	likierowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likierowym	likierowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liklinach	liklina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklina	liklina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklinami	liklina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
likliną	liklina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklinę	liklina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklinie	liklina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklinie	liklina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklin	liklina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklino	liklina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
liklinom	liklina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
likliny	liklina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
likliny	liklina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
likliny	liklina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
likliny	liklina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
likopodiach	likopodium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodia	likopodium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodia	likopodium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodia	likopodium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodiami	likopodium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodiom	likopodium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodiów	likopodium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodium	likopodium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodium	likopodium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodium	likopodium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodium	likopodium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodium	likopodium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodium	likopodium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likopodium	likopodium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likować	likować	inf:imperf		
likowaliby	likować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
likowalibyście	likować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
likowalibyśmy	likować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
likowali	likować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
likowali	likować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
likowaliście	likować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
likowaliśmy	likować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
likowałaby	likować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
likowałabym	likować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
likowałabyś	likować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
likowała	likować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
likowała	likować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
likowałam	likować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
likowałaś	likować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
likowałby	likować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
likowałbym	likować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
likowałbyś	likować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
likowałem	likować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
likowałeś	likować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
likował	likować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
likował	likować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
likowałoby	likować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
likowałobym	likować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
likowałobyś	likować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
likowało	likować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
likowało	likować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
likowałom	likować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
likowałoś	likować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
likowałyby	likować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
likowałybyście	likować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
likowałybyśmy	likować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
likowały	likować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
likowały	likować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
likowałyście	likować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
likowałyśmy	likować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
likowana	likować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
likowaną	likować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
likowanego	likować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
likowanego	likować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likowanej	likować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
likowane	likować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likowane	likować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likowanemu	likować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likowaniach	likować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
likowania	likować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
likowania	likować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
likowaniami	likować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
likowanie	likować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
likowaniem	likować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
likowani	likować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likowaniom	likować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
likowaniu	likować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
likowano	likować	imps:imperf		
likowanych	likować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likowanych	likować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likowany	likować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
likowany	likować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
likowanymi	likować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likowanym	likować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likowanym	likować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likowań	likować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
likująca	likować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
likującą	likować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
likującego	likować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
likującego	likować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likującej	likować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
likujące	likować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likujące	likować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likującemu	likować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likując	likować	pcon:imperf		
likująco	likować	pacta		
likujących	likować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likujących	likować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likujący	likować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likujący	likować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
likujący	likować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
likującymi	likować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likującym	likować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likującym	likować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likują	likować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
likujcie	likować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
likujecie	likować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
likuje	likować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
likujemy	likować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
likujesz	likować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
likuję	likować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
likuj	likować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
likujmy	likować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
likszparach	likszpara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszpara	likszpara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszparami	likszpara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszparą	likszpara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszparę	likszpara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszpar	likszpara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszparo	likszpara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszparom	likszpara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszpary	likszpara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszpary	likszpara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszpary	likszpara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszpary	likszpara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszparze	likszpara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likszparze	likszpara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorach	liktor	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktora	liktor	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktora	liktor	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorami	liktor	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorem	liktor	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktor	liktor	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorom	liktor	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorowie	liktor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorowie	liktor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorowi	liktor	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorów	liktor	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorów	liktor	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktory	liktor	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liktory	liktor	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liktorze	liktor	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorze	liktor	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorzy	liktor	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorzy	liktor	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liktorscy	liktorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liktorska	liktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liktorską	liktorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liktorską	liktorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liktorskich	liktorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liktorskich	liktorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liktorskich	liktorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liktorskiego	liktorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liktorskiego	liktorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liktorskiej	liktorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liktorskiej	liktorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liktorskiej	liktorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liktorskie	liktorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liktorskie	liktorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liktorskie	liktorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liktorskie	liktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liktorskiemu	liktorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liktorski	liktorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liktorski	liktorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liktorskimi	liktorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liktorskim	liktorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liktorskim	liktorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liktorskim	liktorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liktorsko	liktorski	adja		
liktorsku	liktorski	adjp		
liktorsko	liktorsko	adv:pos		
liktorskościach	liktorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskościami	liktorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskością	liktorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskości	liktorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskościom	liktorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskość	liktorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liktorskość	liktorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacjach	likwacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacja	likwacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacjami	likwacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacją	likwacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacje	likwacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacje	likwacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacje	likwacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwację	likwacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacji	likwacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
likwacji	likwacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacji	likwacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacji	likwacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacjo	likwacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacjom	likwacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwacyj	likwacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
likwidacjach	likwidacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacja	likwidacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacjami	likwidacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacją	likwidacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacje	likwidacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacje	likwidacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacje	likwidacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidację	likwidacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacji	likwidacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
likwidacji	likwidacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacji	likwidacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacji	likwidacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacjo	likwidacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacjom	likwidacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyj	likwidacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
likwidacyjnościach	likwidacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjnościami	likwidacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjnością	likwidacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjności	likwidacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjnościom	likwidacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjność	likwidacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjność	likwidacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidacyjna	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
likwidacyjną	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
likwidacyjną	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
likwidacyjnego	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
likwidacyjnego	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidacyjnej	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
likwidacyjnej	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
likwidacyjnej	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
likwidacyjne	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likwidacyjne	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likwidacyjne	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
likwidacyjne	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
likwidacyjnemu	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidacyjni	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
likwidacyjno	likwidacyjny	adja		
likwidacyjnych	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
likwidacyjnych	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidacyjnych	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidacyjny	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
likwidacyjny	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
likwidacyjnymi	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidacyjnym	likwidacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidacyjnym	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidacyjnym	likwidacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidatorach	likwidator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatora	likwidator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatora	likwidator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorami	likwidator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorem	likwidator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidator	likwidator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorom	likwidator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorowi	likwidator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorów	likwidator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorów	likwidator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatory	likwidator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatory	likwidator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorze	likwidator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorze	likwidator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorzy	likwidator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorzy	likwidator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorscy	likwidatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
likwidatorska	likwidatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
likwidatorską	likwidatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
likwidatorską	likwidatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
likwidatorskich	likwidatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
likwidatorskich	likwidatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidatorskich	likwidatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidatorskiego	likwidatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
likwidatorskiego	likwidatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidatorskiej	likwidatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
likwidatorskiej	likwidatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
likwidatorskiej	likwidatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
likwidatorskie	likwidatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likwidatorskie	likwidatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likwidatorskie	likwidatorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
likwidatorskie	likwidatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
likwidatorskiemu	likwidatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidatorski	likwidatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
likwidatorski	likwidatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
likwidatorskimi	likwidatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidatorskim	likwidatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likwidatorskim	likwidatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidatorskim	likwidatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likwidatorsko	likwidatorski	adja		
likwidatorsku	likwidatorski	adjp		
likwidatorsko	likwidatorsko	adv:pos		
likwidatorskościach	likwidatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskościami	likwidatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskością	likwidatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskości	likwidatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskościom	likwidatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskość	likwidatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorskość	likwidatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwach	likwidatorstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwa	likwidatorstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwa	likwidatorstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwa	likwidatorstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwa	likwidatorstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwami	likwidatorstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwem	likwidatorstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwie	likwidatorstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstw	likwidatorstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwo	likwidatorstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwo	likwidatorstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwo	likwidatorstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwom	likwidatorstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatorstwu	likwidatorstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturach	likwidatura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatura	likwidatura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturami	likwidatura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturą	likwidatura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturę	likwidatura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatur	likwidatura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturo	likwidatura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturom	likwidatura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatury	likwidatura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatury	likwidatura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatury	likwidatura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidatury	likwidatura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturze	likwidatura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidaturze	likwidatura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likwidować	likwidować	inf:imperf		
likwidowaliby	likwidować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
likwidowalibyście	likwidować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
likwidowalibyśmy	likwidować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
likwidowali	likwidować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
likwidowali	likwidować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
likwidowaliście	likwidować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
likwidowaliśmy	likwidować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
likwidowałaby	likwidować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
likwidowałabym	likwidować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
likwidowałabyś	likwidować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
likwidowała	likwidować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
likwidowała	likwidować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
likwidowałam	likwidować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
likwidowałaś	likwidować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
likwidowałby	likwidować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
likwidowałbym	likwidować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
likwidowałbyś	likwidować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
likwidowałem	likwidować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
likwidowałeś	likwidować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
likwidował	likwidować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
likwidował	likwidować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
likwidowałoby	likwidować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
likwidowałobym	likwidować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
likwidowałobyś	likwidować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
likwidowało	likwidować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
likwidowało	likwidować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
likwidowałom	likwidować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
likwidowałoś	likwidować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
likwidowałyby	likwidować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
likwidowałybyście	likwidować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
likwidowałybyśmy	likwidować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
likwidowały	likwidować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
likwidowały	likwidować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
likwidowałyście	likwidować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
likwidowałyśmy	likwidować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
likwidowana	likwidować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
likwidowaną	likwidować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
likwidowanego	likwidować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
likwidowanego	likwidować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowanej	likwidować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
likwidowane	likwidować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidowane	likwidować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowanemu	likwidować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowaniach	likwidować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowania	likwidować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowania	likwidować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowaniami	likwidować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowanie	likwidować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowaniem	likwidować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowani	likwidować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likwidowaniom	likwidować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowaniu	likwidować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowano	likwidować	imps:imperf		
likwidowanych	likwidować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likwidowanych	likwidować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidowany	likwidować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
likwidowany	likwidować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
likwidowanymi	likwidować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidowanym	likwidować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidowanym	likwidować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidowań	likwidować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
likwidująca	likwidować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
likwidującą	likwidować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
likwidującego	likwidować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
likwidującego	likwidować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidującej	likwidować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
likwidujące	likwidować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidujące	likwidować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidującemu	likwidować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidując	likwidować	pcon:imperf		
likwidująco	likwidować	pacta		
likwidujących	likwidować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likwidujących	likwidować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidujący	likwidować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
likwidujący	likwidować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
likwidujący	likwidować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
likwidującymi	likwidować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidującym	likwidować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
likwidującym	likwidować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
likwidują	likwidować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
likwidujcie	likwidować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
likwidujecie	likwidować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
likwiduje	likwidować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
likwidujemy	likwidować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
likwidujesz	likwidować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
likwiduję	likwidować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
likwiduj	likwidować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
likwidujmy	likwidować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
likworach	likwor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworami	likwor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworem	likwor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likwor	likwor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likwor	likwor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworom	likwor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworowi	likwor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworów	likwor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworu	likwor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likwory	likwor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likwory	likwor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likwory	likwor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworze	likwor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworze	likwor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
likworek	likworek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworek	likworek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworkach	likworek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworkami	likworek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworkiem	likworek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworki	likworek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworki	likworek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworki	likworek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworkom	likworek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworkowi	likworek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworków	likworek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworku	likworek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworku	likworek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworku	likworek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
likworowościach	likworowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowościami	likworowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowością	likworowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowości	likworowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowościom	likworowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowość	likworowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowość	likworowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworowa	likworowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
likworową	likworowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
likworową	likworowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
likworowego	likworowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
likworowego	likworowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likworowej	likworowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
likworowej	likworowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
likworowej	likworowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
likworowe	likworowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likworowe	likworowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
likworowe	likworowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
likworowe	likworowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
likworowemu	likworowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likworowi	likworowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
likworowo	likworowy	adja		
likworowych	likworowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
likworowych	likworowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likworowych	likworowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likworowy	likworowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
likworowy	likworowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
likworowymi	likworowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likworowym	likworowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
likworowym	likworowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likworowym	likworowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
likworówce	likworówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówce	likworówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówek	likworówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówkach	likworówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówka	likworówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówkami	likworówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówką	likworówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówkę	likworówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówki	likworówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówki	likworówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówki	likworówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówki	likworówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówko	likworówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
likworówkom	likworówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lila	lila:d	adv:pos		
lilakach	lilak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaka	lilak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilakami	lilak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilakiem	lilak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaki	lilak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaki	lilak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaki	lilak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilak	lilak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilak	lilak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilakom	lilak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilakowi	lilak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaków	lilak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaku	lilak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaku	lilak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		rzad.
lilaróż	lilaróż:d	adv:pos		
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lilaróż	lilaróż:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lila	lila:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liliach	lilia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilia	lilia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliami	lilia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilią	lilia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilie	lilia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilie	lilia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilie	lilia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilię	lilia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilii	lilia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lilii	lilia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilii	lilia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilii	lilia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilij	lilia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lilio	lilia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliom	lilia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijce	lilijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijce	lilijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijek	lilijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijkach	lilijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijka	lilijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijkami	lilijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijką	lilijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijkę	lilijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijki	lilijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijki	lilijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijki	lilijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijki	lilijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijko	lilijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilijkom	lilijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowate	liliowate	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liliowate	liliowate	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liliowate	liliowate	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatych	liliowate	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatych	liliowate	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatymi	liliowate	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatym	liliowate	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liliowato	liliowato	adv:pos		
liliowatościach	liliowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatościami	liliowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatością	liliowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatości	liliowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatościom	liliowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatość	liliowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowatość	liliowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowaci	liliowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowata	liliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liliowatą	liliowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liliowatą	liliowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liliowatego	liliowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liliowatego	liliowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowatej	liliowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liliowatej	liliowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liliowatej	liliowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liliowate	liliowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowate	liliowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowate	liliowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowate	liliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowatemu	liliowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowato	liliowaty	adja		
liliowatych	liliowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowatych	liliowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowatych	liliowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowaty	liliowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liliowaty	liliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liliowatymi	liliowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowatym	liliowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowatym	liliowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowatym	liliowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowiąca	liliowić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liliowiącą	liliowić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liliowiącego	liliowić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liliowiącego	liliowić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowiącej	liliowić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liliowiące	liliowić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiące	liliowić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowiącemu	liliowić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowiąc	liliowić	pcon:imperf		
liliowiąco	liliowić	pacta		
liliowiących	liliowić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liliowiących	liliowić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiący	liliowić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liliowiący	liliowić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liliowiący	liliowić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liliowiącymi	liliowić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiącym	liliowić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiącym	liliowić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowią	liliowić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liliowicie	liliowić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liliowić	liliowić	inf:imperf		
liliowieniach	liliowić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowienia	liliowić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowienia	liliowić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniami	liliowić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowienie	liliowić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniem	liliowić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniom	liliowić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniu	liliowić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowień	liliowić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowię	liliowić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liliowijcie	liliowić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liliowij	liliowić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liliowijmy	liliowić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liliowiliby	liliowić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liliowilibyście	liliowić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liliowilibyśmy	liliowić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liliowili	liliowić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liliowili	liliowić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liliowi	liliowić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liliowiliście	liliowić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liliowiliśmy	liliowić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liliowiłaby	liliowić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liliowiłabym	liliowić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liliowiłabyś	liliowić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liliowiła	liliowić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liliowiła	liliowić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liliowiłam	liliowić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liliowiłaś	liliowić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liliowiłby	liliowić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liliowiłbym	liliowić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liliowiłbyś	liliowić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liliowiłem	liliowić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liliowiłeś	liliowić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liliowił	liliowić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liliowił	liliowić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liliowiłoby	liliowić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liliowiłobym	liliowić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liliowiłobyś	liliowić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liliowiło	liliowić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liliowiło	liliowić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liliowiłom	liliowić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liliowiłoś	liliowić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liliowiłyby	liliowić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liliowiłybyście	liliowić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liliowiłybyśmy	liliowić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liliowiły	liliowić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liliowiły	liliowić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liliowiłyście	liliowić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liliowiłyśmy	liliowić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liliowimy	liliowić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liliowiono	liliowić	imps:imperf		
liliowisz	liliowić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liliówcie	liliowić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liliów	liliowić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liliówmy	liliowić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liliowcach	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowcach	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowca	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowca	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowca	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowcami	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowcami	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowce	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowce	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowce	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowce	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowce	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowce	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowcem	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowcem	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowcom	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowcom	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowcowi	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowcowi	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowców	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowców	liliowiec:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowcu	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowcu	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowcu	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowcu	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowiec	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowiec	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.|pot.
liliowiec	liliowiec:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
liliowcach	liliowiec:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowca	liliowiec:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowca	liliowiec:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowcami	liliowiec:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowce	liliowiec:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowce	liliowiec:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowce	liliowiec:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowcem	liliowiec:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowcom	liliowiec:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowcowi	liliowiec:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowców	liliowiec:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowcu	liliowiec:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowcu	liliowiec:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowiec	liliowiec:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liliowiałaby	liliowieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liliowiałabym	liliowieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liliowiałabyś	liliowieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liliowiała	liliowieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liliowiała	liliowieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liliowiałam	liliowieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liliowiałaś	liliowieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liliowiałby	liliowieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liliowiałbym	liliowieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liliowiałbyś	liliowieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liliowiałem	liliowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liliowiałeś	liliowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liliowiał	liliowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liliowiał	liliowieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liliowiałoby	liliowieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liliowiałobym	liliowieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liliowiałobyś	liliowieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liliowiało	liliowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liliowiało	liliowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liliowiałom	liliowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liliowiałoś	liliowieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liliowiałyby	liliowieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liliowiałybyście	liliowieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liliowiałybyśmy	liliowieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liliowiały	liliowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liliowiały	liliowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liliowiałyście	liliowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liliowiałyśmy	liliowieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liliowiano	liliowieć	imps:imperf		
liliowieć	liliowieć	inf:imperf		
liliowiejąca	liliowieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącą	liliowieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącego	liliowieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącego	liliowieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącej	liliowieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liliowiejące	liliowieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiejące	liliowieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącemu	liliowieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowiejąc	liliowieć	pcon:imperf		
liliowiejąco	liliowieć	pacta		
liliowiejących	liliowieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liliowiejących	liliowieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiejący	liliowieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liliowiejący	liliowieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liliowiejący	liliowieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącymi	liliowieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącym	liliowieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liliowiejącym	liliowieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieją	liliowieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liliowiejcie	liliowieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liliowiejecie	liliowieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liliowieje	liliowieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liliowiejemy	liliowieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liliowiejesz	liliowieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liliowieję	liliowieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liliowiej	liliowieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liliowiejmy	liliowieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liliowieliby	liliowieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liliowielibyście	liliowieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liliowielibyśmy	liliowieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liliowieli	liliowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liliowieli	liliowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liliowieliście	liliowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liliowieliśmy	liliowieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liliowieniach	liliowieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowienia	liliowieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowienia	liliowieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniami	liliowieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowienie	liliowieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniem	liliowieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniom	liliowieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowieniu	liliowieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowień	liliowieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liliowobiałościach	liliowobiałość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałościami	liliowobiałość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałością	liliowobiałość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałości	liliowobiałość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałościom	liliowobiałość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałość	liliowobiałość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiałość	liliowobiałość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowobiali	liliowobiały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowobiała	liliowobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liliowobiałą	liliowobiały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liliowobiałą	liliowobiały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liliowobiałego	liliowobiały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liliowobiałego	liliowobiały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowobiałej	liliowobiały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liliowobiałej	liliowobiały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liliowobiałej	liliowobiały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liliowobiałe	liliowobiały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowobiałe	liliowobiały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowobiałe	liliowobiały	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowobiałe	liliowobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowobiałemu	liliowobiały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowobiało	liliowobiały	adja		
liliowobiałych	liliowobiały	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowobiałych	liliowobiały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowobiałych	liliowobiały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowobiały	liliowobiały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liliowobiały	liliowobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liliowobiałymi	liliowobiały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowobiałym	liliowobiały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowobiałym	liliowobiały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowobiałym	liliowobiały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowo	liliowo:d1	adv:pos		
liliowo	liliowo:d2	adv:pos		
liliowoniebiescy	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowoniebieska	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liliowoniebieską	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liliowoniebieską	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liliowoniebieskich	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowoniebieskich	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowoniebieskich	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowoniebieskiego	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liliowoniebieskiego	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowoniebieskiej	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liliowoniebieskiej	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liliowoniebieskiej	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liliowoniebieskie	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowoniebieskie	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowoniebieskie	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowoniebieskie	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowoniebieskiemu	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowoniebieski	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liliowoniebieski	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liliowoniebieskimi	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowoniebieskim	liliowoniebieski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowoniebieskim	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowoniebieskim	liliowoniebieski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowoniebiesko	liliowoniebieski	adja		
liliowoniebiesku	liliowoniebieski	adjp		
liliowoniebiesko	liliowoniebiesko	adv:pos		
liliowoniebieskościach	liliowoniebieskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskościami	liliowoniebieskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskością	liliowoniebieskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskości	liliowoniebieskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskościom	liliowoniebieskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskość	liliowoniebieskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowoniebieskość	liliowoniebieskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowo	lilioworóżowo	adv:pos		
lilioworóżowościach	lilioworóżowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowościami	lilioworóżowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowością	lilioworóżowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowości	lilioworóżowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowościom	lilioworóżowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowość	lilioworóżowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowość	lilioworóżowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilioworóżowa	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lilioworóżową	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lilioworóżową	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lilioworóżowego	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lilioworóżowego	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilioworóżowej	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lilioworóżowej	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lilioworóżowej	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lilioworóżowe	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lilioworóżowe	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lilioworóżowe	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lilioworóżowe	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lilioworóżowemu	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilioworóżowi	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lilioworóżowo	lilioworóżowy	adja		
lilioworóżowych	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lilioworóżowych	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilioworóżowych	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilioworóżowy	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lilioworóżowy	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lilioworóżowymi	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilioworóżowym	lilioworóżowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilioworóżowym	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilioworóżowym	lilioworóżowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowościach	liliowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowościami	liliowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowością	liliowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowości	liliowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowościom	liliowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowość	liliowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowość	liliowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliowa	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liliową	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liliową	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liliowego	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liliowego	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowej	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liliowej	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liliowej	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowemu	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowi	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowo	liliowy:a1	adja		
liliowych	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowych	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowych	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowy	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liliowy	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liliowymi	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowym	liliowy:a1	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowym	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowym	liliowy:a1	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowa	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liliową	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liliową	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liliowego	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liliowego	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowej	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liliowej	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liliowej	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowe	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liliowemu	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowi	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowo	liliowy:a2	adja		
liliowsi	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
liliowsza	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
liliowszą	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
liliowszą	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
liliowszego	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
liliowszego	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
liliowszej	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
liliowszej	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
liliowszej	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
liliowsze	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
liliowsze	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
liliowsze	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
liliowsze	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
liliowszemu	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
liliowszych	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
liliowszych	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
liliowszych	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
liliowszy	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
liliowszy	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
liliowszymi	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
liliowszym	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
liliowszym	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
liliowszym	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
liliowych	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liliowych	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowych	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowy	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liliowy	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liliowymi	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowym	liliowy:a2	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liliowym	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liliowym	liliowy:a2	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilipucia	lilipuci	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lilipucią	lilipuci	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lilipucią	lilipuci	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lilipucich	lilipuci	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lilipucich	lilipuci	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilipucich	lilipuci	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilipuciego	lilipuci	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lilipuciego	lilipuci	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilipuciej	lilipuci	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lilipuciej	lilipuci	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lilipuciej	lilipuci	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lilipucie	lilipuci	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lilipucie	lilipuci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lilipucie	lilipuci	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lilipucie	lilipuci	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lilipuciemu	lilipuci	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilipuci	lilipuci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lilipuci	lilipuci	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lilipuci	lilipuci	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lilipucimi	lilipuci	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilipucim	lilipuci	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilipucim	lilipuci	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilipucim	lilipuci	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilipucio	lilipuci	adja		
lilipucio	lilipucio	adv:pos		
lilipuciościach	lilipuciość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciościami	lilipuciość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciością	lilipuciość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciości	lilipuciość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciościom	lilipuciość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciość	lilipuciość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuciość	lilipuciość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuccy	lilipucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lilipucka	lilipucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
lilipucką	lilipucki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
lilipucką	lilipucki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
lilipuckich	lilipucki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lilipuckich	lilipucki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lilipuckich	lilipucki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lilipuckiego	lilipucki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
lilipuckiego	lilipucki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lilipuckiej	lilipucki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
lilipuckiej	lilipucki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
lilipuckiej	lilipucki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
lilipuckie	lilipucki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lilipuckie	lilipucki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lilipuckie	lilipucki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lilipuckie	lilipucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lilipuckiemu	lilipucki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lilipucki	lilipucki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
lilipucki	lilipucki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
lilipuckimi	lilipucki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lilipuckim	lilipucki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lilipuckim	lilipucki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lilipuckim	lilipucki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lilipucko	lilipucki	adja		przest.
lilipucku	lilipucki	adjp		przest.
lilipucko	lilipucko	adv:pos		
lilipuckościach	lilipuckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckościami	lilipuckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckością	lilipuckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckości	lilipuckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckościom	lilipuckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckość	lilipuckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lilipuckość	lilipuckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liliputek	liliputek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkach	liliputek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputka	liliputek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputka	liliputek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkami	liliputek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkiem	liliputek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputki	liliputek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputki	liliputek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputki	liliputek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkom	liliputek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkowi	liliputek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputków	liliputek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputku	liliputek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputku	liliputek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputce	liliputka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputce	liliputka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputek	liliputka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkach	liliputka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputka	liliputka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkami	liliputka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputką	liliputka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkę	liliputka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputki	liliputka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputki	liliputka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputki	liliputka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputki	liliputka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputko	liliputka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liliputkom	liliputka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilipucie	liliput:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lilipucie	liliput:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuci	liliput:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lilipuci	liliput:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputach	liliput:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputa	liliput:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputa	liliput:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputami	liliput:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputem	liliput:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliput	liliput:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputom	liliput:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputowi	liliput:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputów	liliput:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputów	liliput:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liliputy	liliput:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputy	liliput:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lilipucie	liliput:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lilipucie	liliput:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputach	liliput:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputa	liliput:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputa	liliput:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputami	liliput:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputem	liliput:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliput	liliput:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputom	liliput:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputowi	liliput:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputów	liliput:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputy	liliput:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputy	liliput:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liliputy	liliput:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lilowościach	lilowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowościami	lilowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowością	lilowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowości	lilowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowościom	lilowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowość	lilowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowość	lilowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lilowa	lilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lilową	lilowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lilową	lilowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lilowego	lilowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lilowego	lilowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilowej	lilowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lilowej	lilowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lilowej	lilowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lilowe	lilowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lilowe	lilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lilowe	lilowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lilowe	lilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lilowemu	lilowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilowi	lilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lilowo	lilowy	adja		
lilowych	lilowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lilowych	lilowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilowych	lilowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilowy	lilowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lilowy	lilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lilowymi	lilowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilowym	lilowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lilowym	lilowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lilowym	lilowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limach	lima	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lima	lima	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limami	lima	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limą	lima	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limę	lima	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limie	lima	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limie	lima	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lim	lima	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limo	lima	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limom	lima	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limy	lima	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limy	lima	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limy	lima	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limy	lima	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologiach	limakologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologia	limakologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologiami	limakologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologią	limakologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologie	limakologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologie	limakologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologie	limakologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologię	limakologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologii	limakologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
limakologii	limakologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologii	limakologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologii	limakologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologij	limakologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
limakologio	limakologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limakologiom	limakologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanach	liman	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanami	liman	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanem	liman	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanie	liman	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanie	liman	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liman	liman	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liman	liman	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanom	liman	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanowi	liman	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanów	liman	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanu	liman	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limany	liman	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limany	liman	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limany	liman	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limanowościach	limanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowościami	limanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowością	limanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowości	limanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowościom	limanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowość	limanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowość	limanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowscy	limanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limanowska	limanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limanowską	limanowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limanowską	limanowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limanowskich	limanowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limanowskich	limanowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowskich	limanowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowskiego	limanowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limanowskiego	limanowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limanowskiej	limanowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limanowskiej	limanowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limanowskiej	limanowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limanowskie	limanowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limanowskie	limanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limanowskie	limanowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limanowskie	limanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limanowskiemu	limanowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limanowski	limanowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limanowski	limanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limanowskimi	limanowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowskim	limanowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowskim	limanowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limanowskim	limanowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limanowsko	limanowski	adja		
limanowsku	limanowski	adjp		
limanowsko	limanowsko	adv:pos		
limanowskościach	limanowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskościami	limanowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskością	limanowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskości	limanowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskościom	limanowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskość	limanowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowskość	limanowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limanowa	limanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limanową	limanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limanową	limanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limanowego	limanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limanowego	limanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limanowej	limanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limanowej	limanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limanowej	limanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limanowe	limanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limanowe	limanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limanowe	limanowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limanowe	limanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limanowemu	limanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limanowi	limanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limanowo	limanowy	adja		
limanowych	limanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limanowych	limanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowych	limanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowy	limanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limanowy	limanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limanowymi	limanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowym	limanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limanowym	limanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limanowym	limanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbach	limba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limba	limba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbami	limba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbą	limba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbę	limba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbie	limba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbie	limba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limb	limba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbo	limba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbom	limba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limby	limba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limby	limba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limby	limba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limby	limba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbicznościach	limbiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbicznościami	limbiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbicznością	limbiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczności	limbiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbicznościom	limbiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczność	limbiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczność	limbiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbiczna	limbiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limbiczną	limbiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limbiczną	limbiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limbicznego	limbiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limbicznego	limbiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbicznej	limbiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limbicznej	limbiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limbicznej	limbiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limbiczne	limbiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limbiczne	limbiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limbiczne	limbiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limbiczne	limbiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limbicznemu	limbiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbiczni	limbiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limbiczno	limbiczny	adja		
limbicznych	limbiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limbicznych	limbiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbicznych	limbiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbiczny	limbiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limbiczny	limbiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limbicznymi	limbiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbicznym	limbiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbicznym	limbiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbicznym	limbiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbowościach	limbowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowościami	limbowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowością	limbowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowości	limbowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowościom	limbowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowość	limbowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowość	limbowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbowa	limbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limbową	limbowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limbową	limbowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limbowego	limbowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limbowego	limbowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbowej	limbowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limbowej	limbowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limbowej	limbowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limbowe	limbowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limbowe	limbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limbowe	limbowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limbowe	limbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limbowemu	limbowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbowi	limbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limbowo	limbowy	adja		
limbowych	limbowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limbowych	limbowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbowych	limbowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbowy	limbowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limbowy	limbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limbowymi	limbowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbowym	limbowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limbowym	limbowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbowym	limbowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limburscy	limburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limburska	limburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limburską	limburski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limburską	limburski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limburskich	limburski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limburskich	limburski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limburskich	limburski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limburskiego	limburski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limburskiego	limburski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limburskiej	limburski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limburskiej	limburski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limburskiej	limburski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limburskie	limburski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limburskie	limburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limburskie	limburski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limburskie	limburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limburskiemu	limburski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limburski	limburski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limburski	limburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limburskimi	limburski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limburskim	limburski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limburskim	limburski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limburskim	limburski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limbursko	limburski	adja		
limbursku	limburski	adjp		
limbursko	limbursko	adv:pos		
limburskościach	limburskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskościami	limburskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskością	limburskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskości	limburskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskościom	limburskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskość	limburskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limburskość	limburskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limbusach	limbus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusami	limbus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusem	limbus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusie	limbus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusie	limbus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbus	limbus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbus	limbus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusom	limbus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusowi	limbus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusów	limbus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusu	limbus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusy	limbus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusy	limbus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limbusy	limbus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limerykach	limeryk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limerykami	limeryk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limerykiem	limeryk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryki	limeryk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryki	limeryk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryki	limeryk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryk	limeryk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryk	limeryk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limerykom	limeryk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limerykowi	limeryk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryków	limeryk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryku	limeryk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryku	limeryk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limeryku	limeryk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limes	limes	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limecie	limeta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limecie	limeta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limetach	limeta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limeta	limeta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limetami	limeta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limetą	limeta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limetę	limeta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limet	limeta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limeto	limeta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limetom	limeta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limety	limeta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limety	limeta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limety	limeta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limety	limeta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfach	limfa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfa	limfa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfami	limfa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfą	limfa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfę	limfa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfie	limfa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfie	limfa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limf	limfa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfo	limfa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfom	limfa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfy	limfa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfy	limfa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfy	limfa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfy	limfa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	anat.
limfatycznościach	limfatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatycznościami	limfatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatycznością	limfatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczności	limfatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatycznościom	limfatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczność	limfatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczność	limfatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfatyczna	limfatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limfatyczną	limfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limfatyczną	limfatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limfatycznego	limfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limfatycznego	limfatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfatycznej	limfatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limfatycznej	limfatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limfatycznej	limfatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limfatyczne	limfatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limfatyczne	limfatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limfatyczne	limfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limfatyczne	limfatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limfatycznemu	limfatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfatyczni	limfatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limfatyczno	limfatyczny	adja		
limfatycznych	limfatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limfatycznych	limfatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfatycznych	limfatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfatyczny	limfatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limfatyczny	limfatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limfatycznymi	limfatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfatycznym	limfatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfatycznym	limfatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfatycznym	limfatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfatycy	limfatyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatycy	limfatyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatykach	limfatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyka	limfatyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyka	limfatyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatykami	limfatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatykiem	limfatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyki	limfatyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyki	limfatyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyk	limfatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatykom	limfatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatykowi	limfatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyków	limfatyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyków	limfatyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyku	limfatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfatyku	limfatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limfoblastach	limfoblast	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblastami	limfoblast	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblastem	limfoblast	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblast	limfoblast	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblast	limfoblast	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblastom	limfoblast	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblastowi	limfoblast	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblastów	limfoblast	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblastu	limfoblast	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblasty	limfoblast	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblasty	limfoblast	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblasty	limfoblast	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblaście	limfoblast	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfoblaście	limfoblast	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocycie	limfocyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocycie	limfocyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytach	limfocyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytami	limfocyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytem	limfocyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocyt	limfocyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocyt	limfocyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytom	limfocyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytowi	limfocyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytów	limfocyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytu	limfocyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocyty	limfocyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocyty	limfocyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocyty	limfocyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biol.
limfocytopeniach	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenia	limfocytopenia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopeniami	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenią	limfocytopenia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenie	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenie	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenie	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenię	limfocytopenia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenii	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
limfocytopenii	limfocytopenia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenii	limfocytopenia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenii	limfocytopenia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopenij	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
limfocytopenio	limfocytopenia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytopeniom	limfocytopenia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
limfocytowa	limfocytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limfocytową	limfocytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limfocytową	limfocytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limfocytowego	limfocytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limfocytowego	limfocytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfocytowej	limfocytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limfocytowej	limfocytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limfocytowej	limfocytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limfocytowe	limfocytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limfocytowe	limfocytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limfocytowe	limfocytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limfocytowe	limfocytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limfocytowemu	limfocytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfocytowi	limfocytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limfocytowo	limfocytowy	adja		
limfocytowych	limfocytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limfocytowych	limfocytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfocytowych	limfocytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfocytowy	limfocytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limfocytowy	limfocytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limfocytowymi	limfocytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfocytowym	limfocytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfocytowym	limfocytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfocytowym	limfocytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfocytozach	limfocytoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytoza	limfocytoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozami	limfocytoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozą	limfocytoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozę	limfocytoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozie	limfocytoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozie	limfocytoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytoz	limfocytoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozo	limfocytoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozom	limfocytoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozy	limfocytoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozy	limfocytoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozy	limfocytoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfocytozy	limfocytoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalnościach	limfoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalnościami	limfoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalnością	limfoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalności	limfoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalnościom	limfoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalność	limfoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalność	limfoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfoidalna	limfoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limfoidalną	limfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limfoidalną	limfoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limfoidalnego	limfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limfoidalnego	limfoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfoidalnej	limfoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limfoidalnej	limfoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limfoidalnej	limfoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limfoidalne	limfoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limfoidalne	limfoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limfoidalne	limfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limfoidalne	limfoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limfoidalnemu	limfoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfoidalni	limfoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limfoidalno	limfoidalny	adja		
limfoidalnych	limfoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limfoidalnych	limfoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfoidalnych	limfoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfoidalny	limfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limfoidalny	limfoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limfoidalnymi	limfoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfoidalnym	limfoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limfoidalnym	limfoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfoidalnym	limfoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limfopeniach	limfopenia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenia	limfopenia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopeniami	limfopenia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenią	limfopenia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenie	limfopenia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenie	limfopenia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenie	limfopenia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenię	limfopenia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenii	limfopenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
limfopenii	limfopenia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenii	limfopenia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenii	limfopenia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopenij	limfopenia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
limfopenio	limfopenia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limfopeniom	limfopenia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limicie	limit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limicie	limit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitach	limit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitami	limit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitem	limit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limit	limit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limit	limit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitom	limit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitowi	limit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitów	limit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitu	limit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limity	limit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limity	limit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limity	limit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limicie	limita	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limicie	limita	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitach	limita	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limita	limita	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitami	limita	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitą	limita	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitę	limita	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limit	limita	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limito	limita	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitom	limita	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limity	limita	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limity	limita	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limity	limita	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limity	limita	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacjach	limitacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacja	limitacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacjami	limitacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacją	limitacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacje	limitacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacje	limitacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacje	limitacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitację	limitacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacji	limitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
limitacji	limitacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacji	limitacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacji	limitacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacjo	limitacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacjom	limitacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitacyj	limitacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
limiterach	limiter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitera	limiter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiterami	limiter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiterem	limiter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiter	limiter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiter	limiter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiterom	limiter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiterowi	limiter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiterów	limiter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitery	limiter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitery	limiter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitery	limiter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiterze	limiter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limiterze	limiter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limitować	limitować	inf:imperf		
limitowaliby	limitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
limitowalibyście	limitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
limitowalibyśmy	limitować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
limitowali	limitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
limitowali	limitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
limitowaliście	limitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
limitowaliśmy	limitować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
limitowałaby	limitować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
limitowałabym	limitować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
limitowałabyś	limitować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
limitowała	limitować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
limitowała	limitować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
limitowałam	limitować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
limitowałaś	limitować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
limitowałby	limitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
limitowałbym	limitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
limitowałbyś	limitować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
limitowałem	limitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
limitowałeś	limitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
limitował	limitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
limitował	limitować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
limitowałoby	limitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
limitowałobym	limitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
limitowałobyś	limitować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
limitowało	limitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
limitowało	limitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
limitowałom	limitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
limitowałoś	limitować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
limitowałyby	limitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
limitowałybyście	limitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
limitowałybyśmy	limitować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
limitowały	limitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
limitowały	limitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
limitowałyście	limitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
limitowałyśmy	limitować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
limitowana	limitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
limitowaną	limitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
limitowanego	limitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
limitowanego	limitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitowanej	limitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
limitowane	limitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitowane	limitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitowanemu	limitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitowaniach	limitować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowania	limitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowania	limitować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowaniami	limitować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowanie	limitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowaniem	limitować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowani	limitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
limitowaniom	limitować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowaniu	limitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
limitowano	limitować	imps:imperf		
limitowanych	limitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
limitowanych	limitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitowany	limitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
limitowany	limitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
limitowanymi	limitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitowanym	limitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitowanym	limitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitowań	limitować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
limitująca	limitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
limitującą	limitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
limitującego	limitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
limitującego	limitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitującej	limitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
limitujące	limitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitujące	limitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitującemu	limitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitując	limitować	pcon:imperf		
limitująco	limitować	pacta		
limitujących	limitować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
limitujących	limitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitujący	limitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
limitujący	limitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
limitujący	limitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
limitującymi	limitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitującym	limitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
limitującym	limitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
limitują	limitować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
limitujcie	limitować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
limitujecie	limitować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
limituje	limitować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
limitujemy	limitować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
limitujesz	limitować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
limituję	limitować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
limituj	limitować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
limitujmy	limitować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
limitowościach	limitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowościami	limitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowością	limitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowości	limitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowościom	limitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowość	limitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowość	limitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limitowa	limitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limitową	limitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limitową	limitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limitowego	limitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limitowego	limitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limitowej	limitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limitowej	limitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limitowej	limitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limitowe	limitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limitowe	limitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limitowe	limitowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limitowe	limitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limitowemu	limitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limitowi	limitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limitowo	limitowy	adja		
limitowych	limitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limitowych	limitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limitowych	limitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limitowy	limitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limitowy	limitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limitowymi	limitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limitowym	limitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limitowym	limitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limitowym	limitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnicznościach	limniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnicznościami	limniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnicznością	limniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczności	limniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnicznościom	limniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczność	limniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczność	limniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limniczna	limniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limniczną	limniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limniczną	limniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limnicznego	limniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limnicznego	limniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnicznej	limniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limnicznej	limniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limnicznej	limniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limniczne	limniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limniczne	limniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limniczne	limniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limniczne	limniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limnicznemu	limniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limniczni	limniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limniczno	limniczny	adja		
limnicznych	limniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limnicznych	limniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limnicznych	limniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limniczny	limniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limniczny	limniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limnicznymi	limniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limnicznym	limniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limnicznym	limniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnicznym	limniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnigrafach	limnigraf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafami	limnigraf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafem	limnigraf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafie	limnigraf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafie	limnigraf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigraf	limnigraf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigraf	limnigraf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafom	limnigraf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafowi	limnigraf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafów	limnigraf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafu	limnigraf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafy	limnigraf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafy	limnigraf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnigrafy	limnigraf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoficie	limnofit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoficie	limnofit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofitach	limnofit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofitami	limnofit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofitem	limnofit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofit	limnofit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofit	limnofit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofitom	limnofit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofitowi	limnofit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofitów	limnofit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofitu	limnofit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofity	limnofit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofity	limnofit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnofity	limnofit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografach	limnograf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografami	limnograf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografem	limnograf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografie	limnograf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografie	limnograf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnograf	limnograf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnograf	limnograf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografom	limnograf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografowi	limnograf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografów	limnograf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografu	limnograf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografy	limnograf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografy	limnograf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnografy	limnograf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnolodzy	limnolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnolodzy	limnolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologach	limnolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologa	limnolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologa	limnolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologami	limnolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiem	limnolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologi	limnolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
limnologi	limnolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
limnolog	limnolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologom	limnolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologowie	limnolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologowie	limnolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologowi	limnolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologów	limnolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologów	limnolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologu	limnolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologu	limnolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiach	limnologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologia	limnologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiami	limnologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologią	limnologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologie	limnologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologie	limnologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologie	limnologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologię	limnologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologii	limnologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
limnologii	limnologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologii	limnologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologii	limnologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologij	limnologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
limnologio	limnologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiom	limnologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologicznościach	limnologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologicznościami	limnologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologicznością	limnologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczności	limnologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologicznościom	limnologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczność	limnologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczność	limnologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limnologiczna	limnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limnologiczną	limnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limnologiczną	limnologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limnologicznego	limnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limnologicznego	limnologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnologicznej	limnologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limnologicznej	limnologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limnologicznej	limnologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limnologiczne	limnologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limnologiczne	limnologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limnologiczne	limnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limnologiczne	limnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limnologicznemu	limnologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnologiczni	limnologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limnologiczno	limnologiczny	adja		
limnologicznych	limnologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limnologicznych	limnologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limnologicznych	limnologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limnologiczny	limnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limnologiczny	limnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limnologicznymi	limnologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limnologicznym	limnologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limnologicznym	limnologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnologicznym	limnologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limnoplanktonach	limnoplankton	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonami	limnoplankton	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonem	limnoplankton	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonie	limnoplankton	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonie	limnoplankton	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplankton	limnoplankton	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplankton	limnoplankton	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonom	limnoplankton	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonowi	limnoplankton	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonów	limnoplankton	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktonu	limnoplankton	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktony	limnoplankton	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktony	limnoplankton	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limnoplanktony	limnoplankton	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limach	limo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lima	limo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lima	limo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lima	limo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lima	limo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limami	limo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limem	limo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limie	limo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lim	limo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limo	limo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limo	limo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limo	limo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limom	limo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limu	limo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
limonach	limona	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limona	limona	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonami	limona	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoną	limona	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonę	limona	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonie	limona	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonie	limona	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limon	limona	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limono	limona	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonom	limona	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limony	limona	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limony	limona	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limony	limona	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limony	limona	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadach	limonada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonada	limonada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadami	limonada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadą	limonada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadę	limonada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonad	limonada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonado	limonada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadom	limonada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonady	limonada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonady	limonada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonady	limonada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonady	limonada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzie	limonada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzie	limonada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierce	limonadierka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierce	limonadierka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierek	limonadierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierkach	limonadierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierka	limonadierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierkami	limonadierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierką	limonadierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierkę	limonadierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierki	limonadierka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierki	limonadierka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierki	limonadierka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierki	limonadierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierko	limonadierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadierkom	limonadierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadce	limonadka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadce	limonadka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadek	limonadka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadkach	limonadka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadka	limonadka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadkami	limonadka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadką	limonadka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadkę	limonadka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadki	limonadka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadki	limonadka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadki	limonadka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadki	limonadka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadko	limonadka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadkom	limonadka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowościach	limonadowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowościami	limonadowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowością	limonadowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowości	limonadowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowościom	limonadowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowość	limonadowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowość	limonadowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadowa	limonadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
limonadową	limonadowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
limonadową	limonadowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
limonadowego	limonadowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
limonadowego	limonadowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonadowej	limonadowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
limonadowej	limonadowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
limonadowej	limonadowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
limonadowe	limonadowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonadowe	limonadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonadowe	limonadowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonadowe	limonadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonadowemu	limonadowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonadowi	limonadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
limonadowo	limonadowy	adja		daw.
limonadowych	limonadowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
limonadowych	limonadowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonadowych	limonadowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonadowy	limonadowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
limonadowy	limonadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
limonadowymi	limonadowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonadowym	limonadowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonadowym	limonadowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonadowym	limonadowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonadzistach	limonadzista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzista	limonadzista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzistami	limonadzista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzistą	limonadzista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzistę	limonadzista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzisto	limonadzista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzistom	limonadzista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzistów	limonadzista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzistów	limonadzista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzisty	limonadzista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzisty	limonadzista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadzisty	limonadzista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadziście	limonadzista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadziście	limonadzista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadziści	limonadzista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonadziści	limonadzista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonenach	limonen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenami	limonen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenem	limonen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenie	limonen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenie	limonen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonen	limonen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonen	limonen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenom	limonen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenowi	limonen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenów	limonen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonenu	limonen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limoneny	limonen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limoneny	limonen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limoneny	limonen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limoniach	limonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonia	limonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniami	limonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonią	limonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonie	limonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonie	limonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonie	limonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonię	limonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonii	limonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
limonii	limonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonii	limonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonii	limonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonij	limonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
limonio	limonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniom	limonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniadach	limoniada	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniada	limoniada	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniadami	limoniada	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniadą	limoniada	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniadę	limoniada	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniad	limoniada	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniado	limoniada	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniadom	limoniada	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniady	limoniada	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniady	limoniada	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniady	limoniada	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniady	limoniada	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniadzie	limoniada	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniadzie	limoniada	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
limoniowościach	limoniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowościami	limoniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowością	limoniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowości	limoniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowościom	limoniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowość	limoniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowość	limoniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limoniowa	limoniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
limoniową	limoniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
limoniową	limoniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
limoniowego	limoniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
limoniowego	limoniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limoniowej	limoniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
limoniowej	limoniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
limoniowej	limoniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
limoniowe	limoniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limoniowe	limoniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limoniowe	limoniowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
limoniowe	limoniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
limoniowemu	limoniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limoniowi	limoniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
limoniowo	limoniowy	adja		daw.
limoniowych	limoniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
limoniowych	limoniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limoniowych	limoniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limoniowy	limoniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
limoniowy	limoniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
limoniowymi	limoniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limoniowym	limoniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limoniowym	limoniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limoniowym	limoniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonicie	limonit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonicie	limonit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitach	limonit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitami	limonit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitem	limonit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonit	limonit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonit	limonit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitom	limonit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowi	limonit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitów	limonit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitu	limonit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonity	limonit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonity	limonit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonity	limonit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowościach	limonitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowościami	limonitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowością	limonitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowości	limonitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowościom	limonitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowość	limonitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowość	limonitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonitowa	limonitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limonitową	limonitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limonitową	limonitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limonitowego	limonitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limonitowego	limonitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limonitowej	limonitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limonitowej	limonitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limonitowej	limonitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limonitowe	limonitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limonitowe	limonitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limonitowe	limonitowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limonitowe	limonitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limonitowemu	limonitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limonitowi	limonitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limonitowo	limonitowy	adja		
limonitowych	limonitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limonitowych	limonitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limonitowych	limonitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limonitowy	limonitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limonitowy	limonitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limonitowymi	limonitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limonitowym	limonitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limonitowym	limonitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limonitowym	limonitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limonce	limonka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonce	limonka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonek	limonka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonkach	limonka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonka	limonka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonkami	limonka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonką	limonka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonkę	limonka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonki	limonka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonki	limonka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonki	limonka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonki	limonka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonko	limonka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonkom	limonka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limonowościach	limonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowościami	limonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowością	limonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowości	limonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowościom	limonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowość	limonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowość	limonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
limonowa	limonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
limonową	limonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
limonową	limonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
limonowego	limonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
limonowego	limonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonowej	limonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
limonowej	limonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
limonowej	limonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
limonowe	limonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonowe	limonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonowe	limonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonowe	limonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonowemu	limonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonowi	limonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
limonowo	limonowy	adja		daw.
limonowych	limonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
limonowych	limonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonowych	limonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonowy	limonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
limonowy	limonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
limonowymi	limonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonowym	limonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
limonowym	limonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limonowym	limonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
limscy	limski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
limska	limski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
limską	limski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
limską	limski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
limskich	limski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
limskich	limski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limskich	limski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limskiego	limski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
limskiego	limski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limskiej	limski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
limskiej	limski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
limskiej	limski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
limskie	limski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limskie	limski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
limskie	limski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
limskie	limski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
limskiemu	limski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limski	limski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
limski	limski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
limskimi	limski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limskim	limski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
limskim	limski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limskim	limski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
limsko	limski	adja		
limsku	limski	adjp		
limsko	limsko	adv:pos		
limskościach	limskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskościami	limskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskością	limskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskości	limskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskościom	limskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskość	limskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limskość	limskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynach	limuzyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyna	limuzyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynami	limuzyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyną	limuzyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynę	limuzyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynie	limuzyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynie	limuzyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyn	limuzyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyno	limuzyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynom	limuzyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyny	limuzyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyny	limuzyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyny	limuzyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzyny	limuzyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynce	limuzynka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynce	limuzynka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynek	limuzynka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynkach	limuzynka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynka	limuzynka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynkami	limuzynka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynką	limuzynka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynkę	limuzynka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynki	limuzynka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynki	limuzynka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynki	limuzynka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynki	limuzynka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynko	limuzynka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
limuzynkom	limuzynka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linach	lin	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lina	lin	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lina	lin	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linami	lin	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linem	lin	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linie	lin	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linie	lin	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lin	lin	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linom	lin	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linowi	lin	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linów	lin	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liny	lin	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liny	lin	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liny	lin	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linach	lina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lina	lina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linami	lina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liną	lina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linę	lina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linie	lina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linie	lina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lin	lina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lino	lina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linom	lina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liny	lina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liny	lina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liny	lina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liny	lina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linczach	lincz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczami	lincz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lincze	lincz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lincze	lincz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lincze	lincz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczem	lincz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lincz	lincz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lincz	lincz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczom	lincz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczowi	lincz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczów	lincz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczu	lincz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczu	lincz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczu	lincz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linczować	linczować	inf:imperf		
linczowaliby	linczować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
linczowalibyście	linczować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
linczowalibyśmy	linczować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
linczowali	linczować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
linczowali	linczować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
linczowaliście	linczować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
linczowaliśmy	linczować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
linczowałaby	linczować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
linczowałabym	linczować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
linczowałabyś	linczować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
linczowała	linczować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
linczowała	linczować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
linczowałam	linczować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
linczowałaś	linczować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
linczowałby	linczować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
linczowałbym	linczować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
linczowałbyś	linczować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
linczowałem	linczować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
linczowałeś	linczować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
linczował	linczować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
linczował	linczować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
linczowałoby	linczować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
linczowałobym	linczować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
linczowałobyś	linczować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
linczowało	linczować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
linczowało	linczować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
linczowałom	linczować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
linczowałoś	linczować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
linczowałyby	linczować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
linczowałybyście	linczować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
linczowałybyśmy	linczować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
linczowały	linczować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
linczowały	linczować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
linczowałyście	linczować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
linczowałyśmy	linczować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
linczowana	linczować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
linczowaną	linczować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
linczowanego	linczować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
linczowanego	linczować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczowanej	linczować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
linczowane	linczować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczowane	linczować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczowanemu	linczować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczowaniach	linczować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowania	linczować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowania	linczować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowaniami	linczować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowanie	linczować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowaniem	linczować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowani	linczować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linczowaniom	linczować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowaniu	linczować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
linczowano	linczować	imps:imperf		
linczowanych	linczować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linczowanych	linczować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczowany	linczować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
linczowany	linczować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
linczowanymi	linczować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczowanym	linczować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczowanym	linczować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczowań	linczować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
linczująca	linczować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
linczującą	linczować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
linczującego	linczować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
linczującego	linczować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczującej	linczować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
linczujące	linczować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczujące	linczować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczującemu	linczować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczując	linczować	pcon:imperf		
linczująco	linczować	pacta		
linczujących	linczować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linczujących	linczować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczujący	linczować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linczujący	linczować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
linczujący	linczować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
linczującymi	linczować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczującym	linczować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linczującym	linczować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linczują	linczować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
linczujcie	linczować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
linczujecie	linczować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
linczuje	linczować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
linczujemy	linczować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
linczujesz	linczować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
linczuję	linczować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
linczuj	linczować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
linczujmy	linczować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lindanach	lindan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanami	lindan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanem	lindan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanie	lindan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanie	lindan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindan	lindan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindan	lindan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanom	lindan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanowi	lindan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanów	lindan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindanu	lindan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindany	lindan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindany	lindan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lindany	lindan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineale	lineał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineale	lineał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineałach	lineał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineałami	lineał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineałem	lineał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineał	lineał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineał	lineał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineałom	lineał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineałowi	lineał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineałów	lineał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineału	lineał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineały	lineał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineały	lineał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineały	lineał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearnie	linearnie	adv:pos		
linearnościach	linearność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearnościami	linearność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearnością	linearność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearności	linearność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearnościom	linearność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearność	linearność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearność	linearność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linearna	linearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linearną	linearny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linearną	linearny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linearnego	linearny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linearnego	linearny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linearnej	linearny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linearnej	linearny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linearnej	linearny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linearne	linearny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linearne	linearny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linearne	linearny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linearne	linearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linearnemu	linearny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linearni	linearny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linearno	linearny	adja		
linearnych	linearny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linearnych	linearny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linearnych	linearny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linearny	linearny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linearny	linearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linearnymi	linearny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linearnym	linearny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linearnym	linearny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linearnym	linearny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linearyzmach	linearyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmami	linearyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmem	linearyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmie	linearyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmie	linearyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzm	linearyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzm	linearyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmom	linearyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmowi	linearyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmów	linearyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmu	linearyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmy	linearyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmy	linearyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linearyzmy	linearyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażach	lineaż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażami	lineaż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineaże	lineaż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineaże	lineaż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineaże	lineaż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażem	lineaż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineaż	lineaż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineaż	lineaż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażom	lineaż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażowi	lineaż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażu	lineaż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażu	lineaż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineażu	lineaż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lineaży	lineaż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linek	linek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linkach	linek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linka	linek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linka	linek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linkami	linek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linkiem	linek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linki	linek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linki	linek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linki	linek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linkom	linek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linkowi	linek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linków	linek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linku	linek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linku	linek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linewce	linewka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewce	linewka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewek	linewka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewkach	linewka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewka	linewka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewkami	linewka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewką	linewka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewkę	linewka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewki	linewka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewki	linewka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewki	linewka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewki	linewka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewko	linewka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linewkom	linewka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lindze	linga	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lindze	linga	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingach	linga	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linga	linga	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingami	linga	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingą	linga	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingę	linga	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingi	linga	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingi	linga	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingi	linga	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingi	linga	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ling	linga	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingo	linga	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingom	linga	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingua	lingua	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonach	lingwafon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonami	lingwafon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonem	lingwafon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonie	lingwafon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonie	lingwafon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafon	lingwafon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafon	lingwafon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonom	lingwafon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonowi	lingwafon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonów	lingwafon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonu	lingwafon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafony	lingwafon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafony	lingwafon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafony	lingwafon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonicznościach	lingwafoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonicznościami	lingwafoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonicznością	lingwafoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczności	lingwafoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafonicznościom	lingwafoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczność	lingwafoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczność	lingwafoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwafoniczna	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lingwafoniczną	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lingwafoniczną	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lingwafonicznego	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lingwafonicznego	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwafonicznej	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lingwafonicznej	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lingwafonicznej	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lingwafoniczne	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lingwafoniczne	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lingwafoniczne	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lingwafoniczne	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lingwafonicznemu	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwafoniczni	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lingwafoniczno	lingwafoniczny	adja		
lingwafonicznych	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lingwafonicznych	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwafonicznych	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwafoniczny	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lingwafoniczny	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lingwafonicznymi	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwafonicznym	lingwafoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwafonicznym	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwafonicznym	lingwafoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwetce	lingwetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetce	lingwetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetek	lingwetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetkach	lingwetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetka	lingwetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetkami	lingwetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetką	lingwetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetkę	lingwetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetki	lingwetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetki	lingwetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetki	lingwetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetki	lingwetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetko	lingwetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwetkom	lingwetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistach	lingwista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwista	lingwista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistami	lingwista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistą	lingwista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistę	lingwista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwisto	lingwista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistom	lingwista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistów	lingwista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistów	lingwista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwisty	lingwista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lingwisty	lingwista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lingwisty	lingwista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwiście	lingwista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwiście	lingwista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwiści	lingwista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwiści	lingwista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistce	lingwistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistce	lingwistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistek	lingwistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistkach	lingwistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistka	lingwistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistkami	lingwistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistką	lingwistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistkę	lingwistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistki	lingwistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistki	lingwistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistki	lingwistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistki	lingwistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistko	lingwistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistkom	lingwistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistycznie	lingwistycznie	adv:pos		
lingwistycznościach	lingwistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistycznościami	lingwistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistycznością	lingwistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczności	lingwistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistycznościom	lingwistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczność	lingwistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczność	lingwistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyczna	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lingwistyczną	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lingwistyczną	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lingwistycznego	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lingwistycznego	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwistycznej	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lingwistycznej	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lingwistycznej	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lingwistyczne	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lingwistyczne	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lingwistyczne	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lingwistyczne	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lingwistycznemu	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwistyczni	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lingwistyczno	lingwistyczny	adja		
lingwistycznych	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lingwistycznych	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwistycznych	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwistyczny	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lingwistyczny	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lingwistycznymi	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwistycznym	lingwistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lingwistycznym	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwistycznym	lingwistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lingwistycy	lingwistyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistycy	lingwistyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistykach	lingwistyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyka	lingwistyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyka	lingwistyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistykami	lingwistyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistykiem	lingwistyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyki	lingwistyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyki	lingwistyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyk	lingwistyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistykom	lingwistyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistykowi	lingwistyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyków	lingwistyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyków	lingwistyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyku	lingwistyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyku	lingwistyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lingwistyce	lingwistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyce	lingwistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistykach	lingwistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyka	lingwistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistykami	lingwistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyką	lingwistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistykę	lingwistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyki	lingwistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyki	lingwistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyki	lingwistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyki	lingwistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyk	lingwistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistyko	lingwistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lingwistykom	lingwistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniach	linia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linia	linia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniami	linia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linią	linia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linie	linia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linie	linia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linie	linia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linię	linia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linii	linia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
linii	linia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linii	linia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linii	linia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linij	linia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
linio	linia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniom	linia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniakach	liniak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaka	liniak	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaka	liniak	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniakami	liniak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniakiem	liniak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaki	liniak	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaki	liniak	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaki	liniak	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniak	liniak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniakom	liniak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniakowi	liniak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaków	liniak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaku	liniak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniaku	liniak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniale	liniał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniale	liniał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniałach	liniał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniałami	liniał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniałem	liniał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniał	liniał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniał	liniał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniałom	liniał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniałowi	liniał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniałów	liniał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniału	liniał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniały	liniał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniały	liniał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniały	liniał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniarce	liniarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarce	liniarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarek	liniarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarkach	liniarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarka	liniarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarkami	liniarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarką	liniarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarkę	liniarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarki	liniarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarki	liniarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarki	liniarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarki	liniarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarko	liniarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniarkom	liniarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturach	liniatura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniatura	liniatura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturami	liniatura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturą	liniatura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturę	liniatura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniatur	liniatura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturo	liniatura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturom	liniatura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniatury	liniatura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniatury	liniatura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniatury	liniatura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniatury	liniatura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturze	liniatura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniaturze	liniatura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniałaby	linieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liniałabym	linieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liniałabyś	linieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liniała	linieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liniała	linieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liniałam	linieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liniałaś	linieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liniałby	linieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liniałbym	linieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liniałbyś	linieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liniałem	linieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liniałeś	linieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liniał	linieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liniał	linieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liniałoby	linieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liniałobym	linieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liniałobyś	linieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liniało	linieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liniało	linieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liniałom	linieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liniałoś	linieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liniałyby	linieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liniałybyście	linieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liniałybyśmy	linieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liniały	linieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liniały	linieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liniałyście	linieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liniałyśmy	linieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liniano	linieć	imps:imperf		
linieć	linieć	inf:imperf		
liniejąca	linieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liniejącą	linieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liniejącego	linieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liniejącego	linieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniejącej	linieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liniejące	linieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniejące	linieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniejącemu	linieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniejąc	linieć	pcon:imperf		
liniejąco	linieć	pacta		
liniejących	linieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liniejących	linieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniejący	linieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liniejący	linieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liniejący	linieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liniejącymi	linieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniejącym	linieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniejącym	linieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linieją	linieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liniejcie	linieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liniejecie	linieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
linieje	linieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liniejemy	linieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liniejesz	linieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
linieję	linieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liniej	linieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liniejmy	linieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
linieliby	linieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
linielibyście	linieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
linielibyśmy	linieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
linieli	linieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
linieli	linieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
linieliście	linieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
linieliśmy	linieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
linieniach	linieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
linienia	linieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
linienia	linieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
linieniami	linieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
linienie	linieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
linieniem	linieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
linieniom	linieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
linieniu	linieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
linień	linieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
linierce	linierka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierce	linierka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierek	linierka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierkach	linierka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierka	linierka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierkami	linierka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierką	linierka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierkę	linierka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierki	linierka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierki	linierka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierki	linierka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierki	linierka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierko	linierka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierkom	linierka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierscy	linierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linierska	linierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linierską	linierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linierską	linierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linierskich	linierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linierskich	linierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linierskich	linierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linierskiego	linierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linierskiego	linierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linierskiej	linierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linierskiej	linierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linierskiej	linierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linierskie	linierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linierskie	linierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linierskie	linierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linierskie	linierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linierskiemu	linierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linierski	linierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linierski	linierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linierskimi	linierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linierskim	linierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linierskim	linierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linierskim	linierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liniersko	linierski	adja		
liniersku	linierski	adjp		
liniersko	liniersko	adv:pos		
linierskościach	linierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskościami	linierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskością	linierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskości	linierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskościom	linierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskość	linierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linierskość	linierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijce	linijka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijce	linijka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijek	linijka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijkach	linijka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijka	linijka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijkami	linijka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijką	linijka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijkę	linijka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijki	linijka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijki	linijka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijki	linijka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijki	linijka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijko	linijka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijkom	linijka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijnościach	linijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijnościami	linijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijnością	linijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijności	linijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijnościom	linijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijność	linijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijność	linijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linijna	linijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linijną	linijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linijną	linijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linijnego	linijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linijnego	linijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linijnej	linijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linijnej	linijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linijnej	linijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linijne	linijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linijne	linijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linijne	linijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linijne	linijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linijnemu	linijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linijni	linijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linijno	linijny	adja		
linijnych	linijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linijnych	linijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linijnych	linijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linijny	linijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linijny	linijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linijnymi	linijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linijnym	linijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linijnym	linijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linijnym	linijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linimencie	liniment	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimencie	liniment	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimentach	liniment	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimentami	liniment	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimentem	liniment	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniment	liniment	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniment	liniment	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimentom	liniment	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimentowi	liniment	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimentów	liniment	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimentu	liniment	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimenty	liniment	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimenty	liniment	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linimenty	liniment	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniować	liniować	inf:imperf		
liniowaliby	liniować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liniowalibyście	liniować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liniowalibyśmy	liniować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liniowali	liniować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liniowali	liniować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liniowaliście	liniować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liniowaliśmy	liniować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liniowałaby	liniować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liniowałabym	liniować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liniowałabyś	liniować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liniowała	liniować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liniowała	liniować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liniowałam	liniować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liniowałaś	liniować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liniowałby	liniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liniowałbym	liniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liniowałbyś	liniować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liniowałem	liniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liniowałeś	liniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liniował	liniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liniował	liniować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liniowałoby	liniować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liniowałobym	liniować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liniowałobyś	liniować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liniowało	liniować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liniowało	liniować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liniowałom	liniować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liniowałoś	liniować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liniowałyby	liniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liniowałybyście	liniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liniowałybyśmy	liniować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liniowały	liniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liniowały	liniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liniowałyście	liniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liniowałyśmy	liniować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liniowana	liniować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liniowaną	liniować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liniowanego	liniować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liniowanego	liniować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniowanej	liniować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liniowane	liniować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniowane	liniować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniowanemu	liniować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniowaniach	liniować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowania	liniować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowania	liniować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowaniami	liniować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowanie	liniować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowaniem	liniować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowani	liniować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liniowaniom	liniować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowaniu	liniować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liniowano	liniować	imps:imperf		
liniowanych	liniować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liniowanych	liniować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniowany	liniować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liniowany	liniować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liniowanymi	liniować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniowanym	liniować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniowanym	liniować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniowań	liniować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liniująca	liniować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liniującą	liniować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liniującego	liniować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liniującego	liniować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniującej	liniować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liniujące	liniować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniujące	liniować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniującemu	liniować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniując	liniować	pcon:imperf		
liniująco	liniować	pacta		
liniujących	liniować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liniujących	liniować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniujący	liniować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liniujący	liniować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liniujący	liniować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liniującymi	liniować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniującym	liniować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liniującym	liniować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liniują	liniować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liniujcie	liniować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liniujecie	liniować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liniuje	liniować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liniujemy	liniować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liniujesz	liniować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liniuję	liniować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liniuj	liniować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liniujmy	liniować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liniowcach	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowcach	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowca	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowca	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowca	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcami	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowcami	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowce	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowce	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowce	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowce	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowce	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowce	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcem	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowcem	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcom	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowcom	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcowi	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowcowi	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowców	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowców	liniowiec:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcu	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowcu	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcu	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowcu	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowiec	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowiec	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liniowiec	liniowiec:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcach	liniowiec:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowca	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowca	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcami	liniowiec:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowce	liniowiec:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniowce	liniowiec:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcem	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcom	liniowiec:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcowi	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowców	liniowiec:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowców	liniowiec:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcu	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcu	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcy	liniowiec:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcy	liniowiec:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowcze	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowiec	liniowiec:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liniowo	liniowo	adv:pos		
liniowościach	liniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowościami	liniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowością	liniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowości	liniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowościom	liniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowość	liniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowość	liniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liniowa	liniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liniową	liniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liniową	liniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liniowego	liniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liniowego	liniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liniowej	liniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liniowej	liniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liniowej	liniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liniowe	liniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liniowe	liniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liniowe	liniowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liniowe	liniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liniowemu	liniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liniowi	liniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liniowo	liniowy	adja		
liniowych	liniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liniowych	liniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liniowych	liniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liniowy	liniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liniowy	liniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liniowymi	liniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liniowym	liniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liniowym	liniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liniowym	liniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liniuszek	liniuszek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszek	liniuszek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszkach	liniuszek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszka	liniuszek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszkami	liniuszek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszkiem	liniuszek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszki	liniuszek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszki	liniuszek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszki	liniuszek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszkom	liniuszek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszkowi	liniuszek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszków	liniuszek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszku	liniuszek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liniuszku	liniuszek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linkach	link	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linkach	link	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linka	link	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linka	link	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linkami	link	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linkami	link	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linkiem	link	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linkiem	link	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linki	link	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linki	link	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linki	link	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linki	link	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linki	link	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linki	link	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
link	link	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
link	link	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
link	link	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linkom	link	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linkom	link	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linkowi	link	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linkowi	link	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linków	link	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linków	link	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linku	link	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linku	link	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linku	link	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
linku	link	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.|komp.
linku	link	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lince	linka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lince	linka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linek	linka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkach	linka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linka	linka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkami	linka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linką	linka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkę	linka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linki	linka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linki	linka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linki	linka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linki	linka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linko	linka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkom	linka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkować	linkować	inf:imperf		komp.
linkowaliby	linkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowalibyście	linkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowalibyśmy	linkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowali	linkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		komp.
linkowali	linkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowaliście	linkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowaliśmy	linkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowałaby	linkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałabym	linkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowałabyś	linkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowała	linkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		komp.
linkowała	linkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałam	linkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowałaś	linkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowałby	linkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałbym	linkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowałbyś	linkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowałem	linkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowałeś	linkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		komp.
linkował	linkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		komp.
linkował	linkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałoby	linkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałobym	linkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowałobyś	linkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowało	linkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		komp.
linkowało	linkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałom	linkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowałoś	linkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowałyby	linkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałybyście	linkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowałybyśmy	linkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowały	linkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		komp.
linkowały	linkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		komp.
linkowałyście	linkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		komp.
linkowałyśmy	linkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowana	linkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
linkowaną	linkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
linkowanego	linkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
linkowanego	linkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkowanej	linkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
linkowane	linkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkowane	linkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkowanemu	linkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkowaniach	linkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowania	linkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowania	linkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowaniami	linkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowanie	linkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowaniem	linkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowani	linkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linkowaniom	linkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowaniu	linkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
linkowano	linkować	imps:imperf		komp.
linkowanych	linkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linkowanych	linkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkowany	linkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
linkowany	linkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
linkowanymi	linkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkowanym	linkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkowanym	linkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkowań	linkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
linkująca	linkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
linkującą	linkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
linkującego	linkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
linkującego	linkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkującej	linkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
linkujące	linkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkujące	linkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkującemu	linkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkując	linkować	pcon:imperf		komp.
linkująco	linkować	pacta		
linkujących	linkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linkujących	linkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkujący	linkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
linkujący	linkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
linkujący	linkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
linkującymi	linkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkującym	linkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
linkującym	linkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
linkują	linkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		komp.
linkujcie	linkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		komp.
linkujecie	linkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		komp.
linkuje	linkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		komp.
linkujemy	linkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		komp.
linkujesz	linkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		komp.
linkuję	linkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		komp.
linkuj	linkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		komp.
linkujmy	linkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		komp.
linkowościach	linkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowościami	linkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowością	linkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowości	linkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowościom	linkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowość	linkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowość	linkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linkowa	linkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linkową	linkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linkową	linkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linkowego	linkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linkowego	linkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linkowej	linkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linkowej	linkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linkowej	linkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linkowe	linkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linkowe	linkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linkowe	linkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linkowe	linkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linkowemu	linkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linkowi	linkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linkowo	linkowy	adja		
linkowych	linkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linkowych	linkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linkowych	linkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linkowy	linkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linkowy	linkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linkowymi	linkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linkowym	linkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linkowym	linkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linkowym	linkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linkrustach	linkrusta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrusta	linkrusta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrustami	linkrusta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrustą	linkrusta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrustę	linkrusta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrust	linkrusta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrusto	linkrusta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrustom	linkrusta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrusty	linkrusta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrusty	linkrusta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrusty	linkrusta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkrusty	linkrusta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkruście	linkrusta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linkruście	linkrusta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodach	linochód	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochoda	linochód	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochoda	linochód	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodami	linochód	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodem	linochód	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodom	linochód	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodowie	linochód	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodowie	linochód	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodowi	linochód	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodów	linochód	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodów	linochód	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochody	linochód	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochody	linochód	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodzie	linochód	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochodzie	linochód	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linochód	linochód	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
linociągach	linociąg	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągami	linociąg	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągiem	linociąg	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągi	linociąg	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągi	linociąg	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągi	linociąg	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociąg	linociąg	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociąg	linociąg	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągom	linociąg	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowi	linociąg	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągów	linociąg	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągu	linociąg	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągu	linociąg	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągu	linociąg	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowościach	linociągowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowościami	linociągowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowością	linociągowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowości	linociągowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowościom	linociągowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowość	linociągowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowość	linociągowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linociągowa	linociągowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linociągową	linociągowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linociągową	linociągowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linociągowego	linociągowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linociągowego	linociągowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linociągowej	linociągowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linociągowej	linociągowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linociągowej	linociągowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linociągowe	linociągowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linociągowe	linociągowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linociągowe	linociągowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linociągowe	linociągowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linociągowemu	linociągowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linociągowi	linociągowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linociągowo	linociągowy	adja		
linociągowych	linociągowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linociągowych	linociągowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linociągowych	linociągowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linociągowy	linociągowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linociągowy	linociągowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linociągowymi	linociągowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linociągowym	linociągowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linociągowym	linociągowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linociągowym	linociągowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linofilmach	linofilm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmami	linofilm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmem	linofilm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmie	linofilm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmie	linofilm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilm	linofilm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilm	linofilm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmom	linofilm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmowi	linofilm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmów	linofilm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmu	linofilm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmy	linofilm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmy	linofilm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linofilmy	linofilm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	hist.|poligr.
linoleorycie	linoleoryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorycie	linoleoryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorytach	linoleoryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorytami	linoleoryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorytem	linoleoryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleoryt	linoleoryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleoryt	linoleoryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorytom	linoleoryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorytowi	linoleoryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorytów	linoleoryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleorytu	linoleoryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleoryty	linoleoryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleoryty	linoleoryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleoryty	linoleoryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoleach	linoleum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linolea	linoleum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linolea	linoleum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linolea	linoleum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleami	linoleum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleom	linoleum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleów	linoleum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleum	linoleum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleum	linoleum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleum	linoleum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleum	linoleum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleum	linoleum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleum	linoleum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linoleum	linoleum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
linomagach	linomag	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagami	linomag	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagiem	linomag	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagi	linomag	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagi	linomag	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagi	linomag	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomag	linomag	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomag	linomag	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagom	linomag	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagowi	linomag	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagów	linomag	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagu	linomag	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagu	linomag	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linomagu	linomag	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonach	linon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonami	linon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonem	linon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonie	linon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonie	linon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linon	linon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linon	linon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonom	linon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonowi	linon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonów	linon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linonu	linon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linony	linon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linony	linon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linony	linon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorycie	linoryt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorycie	linoryt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytach	linoryt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytami	linoryt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytem	linoryt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoryt	linoryt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoryt	linoryt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytom	linoryt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowi	linoryt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytów	linoryt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytu	linoryt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoryty	linoryt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoryty	linoryt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linoryty	linoryt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowościach	linorytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowościami	linorytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowością	linorytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowości	linorytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowościom	linorytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowość	linorytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowość	linorytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linorytowa	linorytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linorytową	linorytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linorytową	linorytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linorytowego	linorytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linorytowego	linorytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linorytowej	linorytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linorytowej	linorytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linorytowej	linorytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linorytowe	linorytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linorytowe	linorytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linorytowe	linorytowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linorytowe	linorytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linorytowemu	linorytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linorytowi	linorytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linorytowo	linorytowy	adja		
linorytowych	linorytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linorytowych	linorytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linorytowych	linorytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linorytowy	linorytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linorytowy	linorytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linorytowymi	linorytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linorytowym	linorytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linorytowym	linorytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linorytowym	linorytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linoskoczek	linoskoczek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczkach	linoskoczek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczka	linoskoczek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczka	linoskoczek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczkami	linoskoczek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczkiem	linoskoczek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczki	linoskoczek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczki	linoskoczek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczkom	linoskoczek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczkowie	linoskoczek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczkowie	linoskoczek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczkowi	linoskoczek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczków	linoskoczek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczków	linoskoczek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczku	linoskoczek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoczku	linoskoczek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskokach	linoskok	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoka	linoskok	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoka	linoskok	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskokami	linoskok	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskokiem	linoskok	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoki	linoskok	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoki	linoskok	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linoskok	linoskok	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskokom	linoskok	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskokowie	linoskok	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskokowie	linoskok	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskokowi	linoskok	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoków	linoskok	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoków	linoskok	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoku	linoskok	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linoskoku	linoskok	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypach	linotyp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypami	linotyp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypem	linotyp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypie	linotyp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypie	linotyp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotyp	linotyp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotyp	linotyp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypom	linotyp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowi	linotyp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypów	linotyp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypu	linotyp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypy	linotyp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypy	linotyp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypy	linotyp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linotypistach	linotypista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypista	linotypista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypistami	linotypista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypistą	linotypista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypistę	linotypista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypisto	linotypista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypistom	linotypista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypistów	linotypista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypistów	linotypista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypisty	linotypista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linotypisty	linotypista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
linotypisty	linotypista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypiście	linotypista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypiście	linotypista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypiści	linotypista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypiści	linotypista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowościach	linotypowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowościami	linotypowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowością	linotypowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowości	linotypowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowościom	linotypowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowość	linotypowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowość	linotypowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linotypowa	linotypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linotypową	linotypowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linotypową	linotypowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linotypowego	linotypowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linotypowego	linotypowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linotypowej	linotypowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linotypowej	linotypowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linotypowej	linotypowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linotypowe	linotypowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linotypowe	linotypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linotypowe	linotypowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linotypowe	linotypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linotypowemu	linotypowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linotypowi	linotypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linotypowo	linotypowy	adja		
linotypowych	linotypowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linotypowych	linotypowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linotypowych	linotypowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linotypowy	linotypowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linotypowy	linotypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linotypowymi	linotypowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linotypowym	linotypowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linotypowym	linotypowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linotypowym	linotypowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowatościach	linowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatościami	linowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatością	linowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatości	linowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatościom	linowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatość	linowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowatość	linowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowaci	linowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linowata	linowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linowatą	linowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linowatą	linowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linowatego	linowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linowatego	linowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowatej	linowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linowatej	linowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linowatej	linowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linowate	linowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linowate	linowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linowate	linowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linowate	linowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linowatemu	linowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowato	linowaty	adja		
linowatych	linowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linowatych	linowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowatych	linowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowaty	linowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linowaty	linowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linowatymi	linowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowatym	linowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowatym	linowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowatym	linowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowcach	linowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowca	linowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowcami	linowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowce	linowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowce	linowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowce	linowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowcem	linowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowcom	linowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowcowi	linowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowców	linowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowcu	linowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowcu	linowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowiec	linowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linowiec	linowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linownicach	linownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownica	linownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownicami	linownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownicą	linownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownice	linownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownice	linownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownice	linownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownicę	linownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownic	linownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownico	linownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownicom	linownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownicy	linownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownicy	linownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linownicy	linownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowościach	linowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowościami	linowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowością	linowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowości	linowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowościom	linowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowość	linowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowość	linowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linowa	linowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linową	linowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linową	linowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linowego	linowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linowego	linowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowej	linowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linowej	linowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linowej	linowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linowe	linowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linowe	linowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linowe	linowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linowe	linowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linowemu	linowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowi	linowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linowo	linowy	adja		
linowych	linowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linowych	linowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowych	linowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowy	linowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linowy	linowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linowymi	linowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowym	linowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linowym	linowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linowym	linowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linterach	linter	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linterami	linter	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linterem	linter	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linter	linter	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linter	linter	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linterom	linter	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linterowi	linter	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linterów	linter	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linteru	linter	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintery	linter	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintery	linter	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintery	linter	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linterze	linter	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linterze	linter	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersach	linters	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersami	linters	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersem	linters	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersie	linters	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersie	linters	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linters	linters	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linters	linters	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersom	linters	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersowi	linters	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersów	linters	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersu	linters	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersy	linters	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersy	linters	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lintersy	linters	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowościach	linuksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowościami	linuksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowością	linuksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowości	linuksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowościom	linuksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowość	linuksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowość	linuksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
linuksowa	linuksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
linuksową	linuksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
linuksową	linuksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
linuksowego	linuksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
linuksowego	linuksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linuksowej	linuksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
linuksowej	linuksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
linuksowej	linuksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
linuksowe	linuksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linuksowe	linuksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
linuksowe	linuksowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
linuksowe	linuksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
linuksowemu	linuksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linuksowi	linuksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
linuksowo	linuksowy	adja		
linuksowych	linuksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
linuksowych	linuksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linuksowych	linuksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linuksowy	linuksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
linuksowy	linuksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
linuksowymi	linuksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linuksowym	linuksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
linuksowym	linuksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linuksowym	linuksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
linzangach	linzang	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzanga	linzang	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzanga	linzang	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangami	linzang	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangiem	linzang	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangi	linzang	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangi	linzang	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangi	linzang	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzang	linzang	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangom	linzang	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangowi	linzang	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangów	linzang	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangu	linzang	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
linzangu	linzang	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lińscy	liński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lińska	liński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lińską	liński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lińską	liński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lińskich	liński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lińskich	liński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lińskich	liński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lińskiego	liński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lińskiego	liński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lińskiej	liński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lińskiej	liński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lińskiej	liński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lińskie	liński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lińskie	liński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lińskie	liński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lińskie	liński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lińskiemu	liński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liński	liński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liński	liński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lińskimi	liński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lińskim	liński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lińskim	liński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lińskim	liński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lińsko	liński	adja		
lińsku	liński	adjp		
lińsko	lińsko	adv:pos		
lińskościach	lińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskościami	lińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskością	lińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskości	lińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskościom	lińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskość	lińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lińskość	lińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacjach	liofilizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacja	liofilizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacjami	liofilizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacją	liofilizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacje	liofilizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacje	liofilizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacje	liofilizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizację	liofilizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacji	liofilizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
liofilizacji	liofilizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacji	liofilizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacji	liofilizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacjo	liofilizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacjom	liofilizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyj	liofilizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
liofilizacyjnościach	liofilizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjnościami	liofilizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjnością	liofilizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjności	liofilizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjnościom	liofilizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjność	liofilizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjność	liofilizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizacyjna	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liofilizacyjną	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liofilizacyjną	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liofilizacyjnego	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liofilizacyjnego	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liofilizacyjnej	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liofilizacyjnej	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liofilizacyjnej	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liofilizacyjne	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liofilizacyjne	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liofilizacyjne	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liofilizacyjne	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liofilizacyjnemu	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liofilizacyjni	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liofilizacyjno	liofilizacyjny	adja		
liofilizacyjnych	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liofilizacyjnych	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liofilizacyjnych	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liofilizacyjny	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liofilizacyjny	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liofilizacyjnymi	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liofilizacyjnym	liofilizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liofilizacyjnym	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liofilizacyjnym	liofilizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liofilizatorach	liofilizator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatora	liofilizator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatorami	liofilizator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatorem	liofilizator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizator	liofilizator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizator	liofilizator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatorom	liofilizator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatorowi	liofilizator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatorów	liofilizator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatory	liofilizator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatory	liofilizator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatory	liofilizator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatorze	liofilizator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizatorze	liofilizator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liofilizować	liofilizować	inf:imperf		
liofilizowaliby	liofilizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liofilizowalibyście	liofilizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liofilizowalibyśmy	liofilizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liofilizowali	liofilizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liofilizowali	liofilizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liofilizowaliście	liofilizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liofilizowaliśmy	liofilizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liofilizowałaby	liofilizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałabym	liofilizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liofilizowałabyś	liofilizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liofilizowała	liofilizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liofilizowała	liofilizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałam	liofilizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liofilizowałaś	liofilizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liofilizowałby	liofilizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałbym	liofilizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liofilizowałbyś	liofilizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liofilizowałem	liofilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liofilizowałeś	liofilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liofilizował	liofilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liofilizował	liofilizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałoby	liofilizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałobym	liofilizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liofilizowałobyś	liofilizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liofilizowało	liofilizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liofilizowało	liofilizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałom	liofilizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liofilizowałoś	liofilizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liofilizowałyby	liofilizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałybyście	liofilizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liofilizowałybyśmy	liofilizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liofilizowały	liofilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liofilizowały	liofilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liofilizowałyście	liofilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liofilizowałyśmy	liofilizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liofilizowana	liofilizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liofilizowaną	liofilizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanego	liofilizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanego	liofilizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanej	liofilizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liofilizowane	liofilizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizowane	liofilizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanemu	liofilizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowaniach	liofilizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowania	liofilizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowania	liofilizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowaniami	liofilizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanie	liofilizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowaniem	liofilizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowani	liofilizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liofilizowaniom	liofilizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowaniu	liofilizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowano	liofilizować	imps:imperf		
liofilizowanych	liofilizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanych	liofilizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizowany	liofilizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liofilizowany	liofilizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanymi	liofilizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanym	liofilizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizowanym	liofilizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizowań	liofilizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizująca	liofilizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liofilizującą	liofilizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liofilizującego	liofilizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liofilizującego	liofilizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizującej	liofilizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liofilizujące	liofilizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizujące	liofilizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizującemu	liofilizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizując	liofilizować	pcon:imperf		
liofilizująco	liofilizować	pacta		
liofilizujących	liofilizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liofilizujących	liofilizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizujący	liofilizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liofilizujący	liofilizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liofilizujący	liofilizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liofilizującymi	liofilizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizującym	liofilizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liofilizującym	liofilizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liofilizują	liofilizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liofilizujcie	liofilizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liofilizujecie	liofilizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liofilizuje	liofilizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liofilizujemy	liofilizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liofilizujesz	liofilizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liofilizuję	liofilizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liofilizuj	liofilizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liofilizujmy	liofilizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liońscy	lioński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liońska	lioński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liońską	lioński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liońską	lioński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liońskich	lioński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liońskich	lioński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liońskich	lioński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liońskiego	lioński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liońskiego	lioński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liońskiej	lioński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liońskiej	lioński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liońskiej	lioński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liońskie	lioński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liońskie	lioński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liońskie	lioński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liońskie	lioński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liońskiemu	lioński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lioński	lioński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lioński	lioński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liońskimi	lioński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liońskim	lioński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liońskim	lioński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liońskim	lioński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liońsko	lioński	adja		
liońsku	lioński	adjp		
liońsko	liońsko	adv:pos		
liońskościach	liońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskościami	liońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskością	liońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskości	liońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskościom	liońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskość	liońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liońskość	liońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipach	lipa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipa	lipa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipami	lipa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipą	lipa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipę	lipa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipie	lipa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipie	lipa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lip	lipa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipo	lipa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipom	lipa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipy	lipa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipy	lipa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipy	lipa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipy	lipa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipakach	lipak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipaka	lipak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipakami	lipak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipakiem	lipak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipaki	lipak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipaki	lipak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipaki	lipak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipak	lipak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipak	lipak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipakom	lipak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipakowi	lipak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipaków	lipak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipaku	lipak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lipaku	lipak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
liparycie	liparyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparycie	liparyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparytach	liparyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparytami	liparyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparytem	liparyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparyt	liparyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparyt	liparyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparytom	liparyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparytowi	liparyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparytów	liparyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparytu	liparyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparyty	liparyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparyty	liparyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liparyty	liparyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipawscy	lipawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipawska	lipawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipawską	lipawski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipawską	lipawski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipawskich	lipawski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipawskich	lipawski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipawskich	lipawski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipawskiego	lipawski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipawskiego	lipawski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipawskiej	lipawski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipawskiej	lipawski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipawskiej	lipawski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipawskie	lipawski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipawskie	lipawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipawskie	lipawski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipawskie	lipawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipawskiemu	lipawski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipawski	lipawski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipawski	lipawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipawskimi	lipawski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipawskim	lipawski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipawskim	lipawski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipawskim	lipawski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipawsko	lipawski	adja		
lipawsku	lipawski	adjp		
lipawsko	lipawsko	adv:pos		
lipawskościach	lipawskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskościami	lipawskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskością	lipawskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskości	lipawskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskościom	lipawskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskość	lipawskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipawskość	lipawskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazach	lipaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipaza	lipaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazami	lipaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazą	lipaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazę	lipaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazie	lipaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazie	lipaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipaz	lipaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazo	lipaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazom	lipaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazy	lipaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazy	lipaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazy	lipaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipazy	lipaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowościach	lipcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowościami	lipcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowością	lipcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowości	lipcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowościom	lipcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowość	lipcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowość	lipcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowa	lipcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipcową	lipcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipcową	lipcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipcowego	lipcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipcowego	lipcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipcowej	lipcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipcowej	lipcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipcowej	lipcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipcowe	lipcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipcowe	lipcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipcowe	lipcowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipcowe	lipcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipcowemu	lipcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipcowi	lipcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipcowo	lipcowy	adja		
lipcowych	lipcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipcowych	lipcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipcowych	lipcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipcowy	lipcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipcowy	lipcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipcowymi	lipcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipcowym	lipcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipcowym	lipcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipcowym	lipcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipcówce	lipcówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówce	lipcówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówek	lipcówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówkach	lipcówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówka	lipcówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówkami	lipcówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówką	lipcówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówkę	lipcówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówki	lipcówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówki	lipcówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówki	lipcówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówki	lipcówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówko	lipcówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcówkom	lipcówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipczykach	lipczyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczykami	lipczyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczykiem	lipczyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyki	lipczyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyki	lipczyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyki	lipczyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyk	lipczyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyk	lipczyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczykom	lipczyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczykowi	lipczyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyków	lipczyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyku	lipczyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyku	lipczyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipczyku	lipczyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipeccy	lipecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipecka	lipecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipecką	lipecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipecką	lipecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipeckich	lipecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipeckich	lipecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipeckich	lipecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipeckiego	lipecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipeckiego	lipecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipeckiej	lipecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipeckiej	lipecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipeckiej	lipecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipeckie	lipecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipeckie	lipecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipeckie	lipecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipeckie	lipecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipeckiemu	lipecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipecki	lipecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipecki	lipecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipeckimi	lipecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipeckim	lipecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipeckim	lipecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipeckim	lipecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipecko	lipecki	adja		
lipecku	lipecki	adjp		
lipecko	lipecko	adv:pos		
lipeckościach	lipeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckościami	lipeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckością	lipeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckości	lipeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckościom	lipeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckość	lipeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeckość	lipeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeniek	lipeńka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńce	lipeńka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńce	lipeńka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńkach	lipeńka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńka	lipeńka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńkami	lipeńka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńką	lipeńka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńkę	lipeńka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńki	lipeńka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńki	lipeńka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńki	lipeńka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńki	lipeńka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńko	lipeńka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipeńkom	lipeńka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańscy	lipiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipiańska	lipiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipiańską	lipiański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipiańską	lipiański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipiańskich	lipiański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipiańskich	lipiański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipiańskich	lipiański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipiańskiego	lipiański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipiańskiego	lipiański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipiańskiej	lipiański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipiańskiej	lipiański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipiańskiej	lipiański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipiańskie	lipiański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipiańskie	lipiański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipiańskie	lipiański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipiańskie	lipiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipiańskiemu	lipiański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipiański	lipiański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipiański	lipiański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipiańskimi	lipiański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipiańskim	lipiański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipiańskim	lipiański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipiańskim	lipiański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipiańsko	lipiański	adja		
lipiańsku	lipiański	adjp		
lipiańsko	lipiańsko	adv:pos		
lipiańskościach	lipiańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskościami	lipiańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskością	lipiańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskości	lipiańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskościom	lipiańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskość	lipiańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiańskość	lipiańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidach	lipid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidami	lipid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidem	lipid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipid	lipid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipid	lipid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidom	lipid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidowi	lipid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidów	lipid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidu	lipid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidy	lipid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidy	lipid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidy	lipid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidzie	lipid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidzie	lipid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.
lipidowościach	lipidowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowościami	lipidowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowością	lipidowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowości	lipidowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowościom	lipidowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowość	lipidowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowość	lipidowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipidowa	lipidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipidową	lipidowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipidową	lipidowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipidowego	lipidowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipidowego	lipidowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipidowej	lipidowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipidowej	lipidowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipidowej	lipidowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipidowe	lipidowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipidowe	lipidowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipidowe	lipidowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipidowe	lipidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipidowemu	lipidowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipidowi	lipidowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipidowo	lipidowy	adja		
lipidowych	lipidowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipidowych	lipidowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipidowych	lipidowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipidowy	lipidowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipidowy	lipidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipidowymi	lipidowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipidowym	lipidowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipidowym	lipidowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipidowym	lipidowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipcach	lipiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipca	lipiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipcami	lipiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipce	lipiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipce	lipiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipce	lipiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipcem	lipiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipcom	lipiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipcowi	lipiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipców	lipiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipcu	lipiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipcu	lipiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiec	lipiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiec	lipiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatościach	lipieniowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatościami	lipieniowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatością	lipieniowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatości	lipieniowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatościom	lipieniowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatość	lipieniowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowatość	lipieniowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowaci	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipieniowata	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipieniowatą	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipieniowatą	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipieniowatego	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipieniowatego	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipieniowatej	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipieniowatej	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipieniowatej	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipieniowate	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipieniowate	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipieniowate	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipieniowate	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipieniowatemu	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipieniowato	lipieniowaty	adja		
lipieniowatych	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipieniowatych	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieniowatych	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieniowaty	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipieniowaty	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipieniowatymi	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieniowatym	lipieniowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieniowatym	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipieniowatym	lipieniowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipiennikach	lipiennik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiennika	lipiennik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiennikami	lipiennik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiennikiem	lipiennik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipienniki	lipiennik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipienniki	lipiennik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipienniki	lipiennik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiennik	lipiennik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiennik	lipiennik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiennikom	lipiennik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipiennikowi	lipiennik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipienników	lipiennik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipienniku	lipiennik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipienniku	lipiennik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniach	lipień	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipienia	lipień	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipienia	lipień	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniami	lipień	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipienie	lipień	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipienie	lipień	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipienie	lipień	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniem	lipień	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieni	lipień	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniom	lipień	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniowi	lipień	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniów	lipień	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniu	lipień	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieniu	lipień	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipień	lipień	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńscy	lipieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipieńska	lipieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipieńską	lipieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipieńską	lipieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipieńskich	lipieński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipieńskich	lipieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieńskich	lipieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieńskiego	lipieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipieńskiego	lipieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipieńskiej	lipieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipieńskiej	lipieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipieńskiej	lipieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipieńskie	lipieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipieńskie	lipieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipieńskie	lipieński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipieńskie	lipieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipieńskiemu	lipieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipieński	lipieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipieński	lipieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipieńskimi	lipieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieńskim	lipieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipieńskim	lipieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipieńskim	lipieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipieńsko	lipieński	adja		
lipieńsku	lipieński	adjp		
lipieńsko	lipieńsko	adv:pos		
lipieńskościach	lipieńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskościami	lipieńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskością	lipieńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskości	lipieńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskościom	lipieńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskość	lipieńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipieńskość	lipieńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipinach	lipina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipina	lipina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipinami	lipina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiną	lipina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipinę	lipina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipinie	lipina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipinie	lipina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipin	lipina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipino	lipina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipinom	lipina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiny	lipina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiny	lipina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiny	lipina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipiny	lipina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipce	lipka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipce	lipka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipek	lipka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipkach	lipka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipka	lipka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipkami	lipka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipką	lipka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipkę	lipka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipki	lipka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipki	lipka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipki	lipka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipki	lipka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipko	lipka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipkom	lipka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipcy	lipki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lipka	lipki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lipką	lipki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lipką	lipki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lipkich	lipki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lipkich	lipki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lipkich	lipki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lipkiego	lipki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lipkiego	lipki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lipkiej	lipki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lipkiej	lipki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lipkiej	lipki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lipkie	lipki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lipkie	lipki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lipkie	lipki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lipkie	lipki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lipkiemu	lipki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lipki	lipki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lipki	lipki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lipkimi	lipki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lipkim	lipki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lipkim	lipki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lipkim	lipki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lipko	lipki	adja		daw.
lipek	lipko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipkach	lipko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipka	lipko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipka	lipko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipka	lipko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipka	lipko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipkami	lipko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipkiem	lipko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipko	lipko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipko	lipko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipko	lipko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipkom	lipko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipku	lipko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipku	lipko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lipkościach	lipkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkościami	lipkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkością	lipkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkości	lipkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkościom	lipkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkość	lipkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipkość	lipkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnąca	lipnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lipnącą	lipnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lipnącego	lipnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lipnącego	lipnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lipnącej	lipnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lipnące	lipnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lipnące	lipnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lipnącemu	lipnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lipnąc	lipnąć	pcon:imperf		daw.
lipnąco	lipnąć	pacta		
lipnących	lipnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lipnących	lipnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lipnący	lipnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lipnący	lipnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lipnący	lipnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lipnącymi	lipnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lipnącym	lipnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lipnącym	lipnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lipnąć	lipnąć	inf:imperf		daw.
lipną	lipnąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnąłby	lipnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnąłbym	lipnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnąłbyś	lipnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnąłem	lipnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnąłeś	lipnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnął	lipnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lipnął	lipnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęliby	lipnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęlibyście	lipnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęlibyśmy	lipnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęli	lipnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lipnęli	lipnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnę	lipnąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęliście	lipnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęliśmy	lipnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęłaby	lipnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęłabym	lipnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęłabyś	lipnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęła	lipnąć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lipnęła	lipnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęłam	lipnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęłaś	lipnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęłoby	lipnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęłobym	lipnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęłobyś	lipnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęło	lipnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lipnęło	lipnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęłom	lipnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęłoś	lipnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęłyby	lipnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęłybyście	lipnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęłybyśmy	lipnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lipnęły	lipnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lipnęły	lipnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lipnęłyście	lipnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnęłyśmy	lipnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lipniecie	lipnąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnie	lipnąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lipniemy	lipnąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lipniesz	lipnąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnięciach	lipnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięcia	lipnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięcia	lipnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięciami	lipnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięcie	lipnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięciem	lipnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięciom	lipnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięciu	lipnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięć	lipnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lipnięto	lipnąć	imps:imperf		daw.
lipnijcie	lipnąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnij	lipnąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lipnijmy	lipnąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lipniccy	lipnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipnicka	lipnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipnicką	lipnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipnicką	lipnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipnickich	lipnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipnickich	lipnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnickich	lipnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnickiego	lipnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipnickiego	lipnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnickiej	lipnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipnickiej	lipnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipnickiej	lipnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipnickie	lipnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipnickie	lipnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipnickie	lipnicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipnickie	lipnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipnickiemu	lipnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnicki	lipnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipnicki	lipnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipnickimi	lipnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnickim	lipnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnickim	lipnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnickim	lipnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnicko	lipnicki	adja		
lipnicku	lipnicki	adjp		
lipnicko	lipnicko	adv:pos		
lipnickościach	lipnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickościami	lipnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickością	lipnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickości	lipnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickościom	lipnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickość	lipnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnickość	lipnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnikach	lipnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnika	lipnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnikami	lipnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnikiem	lipnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipniki	lipnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipniki	lipnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipniki	lipnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnik	lipnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnik	lipnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnikom	lipnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnikowi	lipnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipników	lipnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipniku	lipnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipniku	lipnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lipnościach	lipność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnościami	lipność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnością	lipność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipności	lipność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnościom	lipność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipność	lipność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipność	lipność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowscy	lipnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipnowska	lipnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipnowską	lipnowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipnowską	lipnowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipnowskich	lipnowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipnowskich	lipnowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnowskich	lipnowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnowskiego	lipnowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipnowskiego	lipnowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnowskiej	lipnowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipnowskiej	lipnowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipnowskiej	lipnowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipnowskie	lipnowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipnowskie	lipnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipnowskie	lipnowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipnowskie	lipnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipnowskiemu	lipnowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnowski	lipnowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipnowski	lipnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipnowskimi	lipnowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnowskim	lipnowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipnowskim	lipnowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnowskim	lipnowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipnowsko	lipnowski	adja		
lipnowsku	lipnowski	adjp		
lipnowsko	lipnowsko	adv:pos		
lipnowskościach	lipnowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskościami	lipnowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskością	lipnowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskości	lipnowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskościom	lipnowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskość	lipnowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipnowskość	lipnowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipna	lipny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
lipną	lipny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
lipną	lipny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
lipnego	lipny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
lipnego	lipny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lipnej	lipny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
lipnej	lipny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
lipnej	lipny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
lipne	lipny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lipne	lipny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lipne	lipny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lipne	lipny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lipnemu	lipny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lipni	lipny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lipno	lipny	adja		pot.
lipnych	lipny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lipnych	lipny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lipnych	lipny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lipny	lipny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
lipny	lipny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
lipnymi	lipny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lipnym	lipny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lipnym	lipny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lipnym	lipny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lipoidach	lipoid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidami	lipoid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidem	lipoid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoid	lipoid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoid	lipoid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidom	lipoid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidowi	lipoid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidów	lipoid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidu	lipoid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidy	lipoid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidy	lipoid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidy	lipoid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidzie	lipoid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidzie	lipoid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalnościach	lipoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalnościami	lipoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalnością	lipoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalności	lipoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalnościom	lipoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalność	lipoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalność	lipoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoidalna	lipoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipoidalną	lipoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipoidalną	lipoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipoidalnego	lipoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipoidalnego	lipoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipoidalnej	lipoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipoidalnej	lipoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipoidalnej	lipoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipoidalne	lipoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipoidalne	lipoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipoidalne	lipoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipoidalne	lipoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipoidalnemu	lipoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipoidalni	lipoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipoidalno	lipoidalny	adja		
lipoidalnych	lipoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipoidalnych	lipoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipoidalnych	lipoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipoidalny	lipoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipoidalny	lipoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipoidalnymi	lipoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipoidalnym	lipoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipoidalnym	lipoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipoidalnym	lipoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipoproteidach	lipoproteid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidami	lipoproteid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidem	lipoproteid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteid	lipoproteid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteid	lipoproteid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidom	lipoproteid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidowi	lipoproteid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidów	lipoproteid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidu	lipoproteid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidy	lipoproteid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidy	lipoproteid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidy	lipoproteid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidzie	lipoproteid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteidzie	lipoproteid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteinach	lipoproteina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteina	lipoproteina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteinami	lipoproteina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteiną	lipoproteina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteinę	lipoproteina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteinie	lipoproteina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteinie	lipoproteina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoprotein	lipoproteina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteino	lipoproteina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteinom	lipoproteina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteiny	lipoproteina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteiny	lipoproteina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteiny	lipoproteina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipoproteiny	lipoproteina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomach	liposom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomami	liposom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomem	liposom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomie	liposom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomie	liposom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposom	liposom	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposom	liposom	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomom	liposom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomowi	liposom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomów	liposom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomu	liposom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomy	liposom	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomy	liposom	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomy	liposom	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	chem.
liposomowościach	liposomowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowościami	liposomowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowością	liposomowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowości	liposomowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowościom	liposomowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowość	liposomowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowość	liposomowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposomowa	liposomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liposomową	liposomowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liposomową	liposomowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liposomowego	liposomowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liposomowego	liposomowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liposomowej	liposomowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liposomowej	liposomowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liposomowej	liposomowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liposomowe	liposomowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liposomowe	liposomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liposomowe	liposomowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liposomowe	liposomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liposomowemu	liposomowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liposomowi	liposomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liposomowo	liposomowy	adja		
liposomowych	liposomowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liposomowych	liposomowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liposomowych	liposomowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liposomowy	liposomowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liposomowy	liposomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liposomowymi	liposomowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liposomowym	liposomowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liposomowym	liposomowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liposomowym	liposomowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liposukcjach	liposukcja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcja	liposukcja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcjami	liposukcja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcją	liposukcja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcje	liposukcja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcje	liposukcja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcje	liposukcja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcję	liposukcja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcji	liposukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
liposukcji	liposukcja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcji	liposukcja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcji	liposukcja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcjo	liposukcja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcjom	liposukcja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liposukcyj	liposukcja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lipowatościach	lipowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatościami	lipowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatością	lipowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatości	lipowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatościom	lipowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatość	lipowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowatość	lipowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowaci	lipowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipowata	lipowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipowatą	lipowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipowatą	lipowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipowatego	lipowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipowatego	lipowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowatej	lipowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipowatej	lipowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipowatej	lipowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipowate	lipowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipowate	lipowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipowate	lipowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipowate	lipowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipowatemu	lipowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowato	lipowaty	adja		
lipowatych	lipowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipowatych	lipowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowatych	lipowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowaty	lipowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipowaty	lipowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipowatymi	lipowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowatym	lipowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowatym	lipowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowatym	lipowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowościach	lipowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowościami	lipowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowością	lipowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowości	lipowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowościom	lipowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowość	lipowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowość	lipowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowscy	lipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipowska	lipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipowską	lipowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipowską	lipowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipowskich	lipowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipowskich	lipowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowskich	lipowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowskiego	lipowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipowskiego	lipowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowskiej	lipowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipowskiej	lipowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipowskiej	lipowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipowskie	lipowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipowskie	lipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipowskie	lipowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipowskie	lipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipowskiemu	lipowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowski	lipowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipowski	lipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipowskimi	lipowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowskim	lipowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowskim	lipowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowskim	lipowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowsko	lipowski	adja		
lipowsku	lipowski	adjp		
lipowsko	lipowsko	adv:pos		
lipowskościach	lipowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskościami	lipowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskością	lipowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskości	lipowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskościom	lipowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskość	lipowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowskość	lipowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipowa	lipowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipową	lipowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipową	lipowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipowego	lipowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipowego	lipowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowej	lipowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipowej	lipowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipowej	lipowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipowe	lipowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipowe	lipowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipowe	lipowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipowe	lipowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipowemu	lipowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowi	lipowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipowo	lipowy	adja		
lipowych	lipowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipowych	lipowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowych	lipowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowy	lipowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipowy	lipowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipowymi	lipowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowym	lipowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipowym	lipowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipowym	lipowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipscy	lipski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lipska	lipski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lipską	lipski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lipską	lipski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lipskich	lipski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lipskich	lipski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipskich	lipski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipskiego	lipski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lipskiego	lipski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipskiej	lipski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lipskiej	lipski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lipskiej	lipski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lipskie	lipski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipskie	lipski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lipskie	lipski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lipskie	lipski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lipskiemu	lipski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipski	lipski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lipski	lipski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lipskimi	lipski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipskim	lipski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lipskim	lipski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipskim	lipski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lipsko	lipski	adja		
lipsku	lipski	adjp		
lipsko	lipsko	adv:pos		
lipskościach	lipskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskościami	lipskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskością	lipskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskości	lipskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskościom	lipskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskość	lipskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lipskość	lipskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptakach	liptak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaka	liptak	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaka	liptak	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptakami	liptak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptakiem	liptak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaki	liptak	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaki	liptak	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaki	liptak	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptak	liptak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptakom	liptak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptakowi	liptak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaków	liptak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaku	liptak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptaku	liptak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liptowscy	liptowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liptowska	liptowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liptowską	liptowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liptowską	liptowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liptowskich	liptowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liptowskich	liptowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liptowskich	liptowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liptowskiego	liptowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liptowskiego	liptowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liptowskiej	liptowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liptowskiej	liptowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liptowskiej	liptowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liptowskie	liptowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liptowskie	liptowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liptowskie	liptowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liptowskie	liptowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liptowskiemu	liptowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liptowski	liptowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liptowski	liptowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liptowskimi	liptowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liptowskim	liptowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liptowskim	liptowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liptowskim	liptowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liptowsko	liptowski	adja		
liptowsku	liptowski	adjp		
liptowsko	liptowsko	adv:pos		
liptowskościach	liptowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskościami	liptowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskością	liptowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskości	liptowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskościom	liptowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskość	liptowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liptowskość	liptowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:q1	qub		przest.
li	li:q2	qub		przest._dziś_książk.
lirach	lir	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lira	lir	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lira	lir	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirami	lir	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirem	lir	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lir	lir	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirom	lir	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirowi	lir	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirów	lir	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liry	lir	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liry	lir	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liry	lir	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirze	lir	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirze	lir	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirach	lira	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lira	lira	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirami	lira	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirą	lira	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirę	lira	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lir	lira	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liro	lira	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirom	lira	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liry	lira	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liry	lira	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liry	lira	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liry	lira	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirze	lira	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirze	lira	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczce	lireczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczce	lireczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczek	lireczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczkach	lireczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczka	lireczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczkami	lireczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczką	lireczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczkę	lireczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczki	lireczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczki	lireczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczki	lireczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczki	lireczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczko	lireczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lireczkom	lireczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirence	lirenka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirence	lirenka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenek	lirenka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenkach	lirenka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenka	lirenka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenkami	lirenka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenką	lirenka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenkę	lirenka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenki	lirenka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenki	lirenka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenki	lirenka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenki	lirenka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenko	lirenka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirenkom	lirenka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirce	lirka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirce	lirka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirek	lirka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirkach	lirka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirka	lirka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirkami	lirka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirką	lirka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirkę	lirka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirki	lirka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirki	lirka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirki	lirka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirki	lirka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirko	lirka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirkom	lirka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwach	lirnictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwa	lirnictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwa	lirnictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwa	lirnictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwa	lirnictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwami	lirnictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwem	lirnictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwie	lirnictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictw	lirnictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwo	lirnictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwo	lirnictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwo	lirnictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwom	lirnictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnictwu	lirnictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczościach	lirniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczościami	lirniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczością	lirniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczości	lirniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczościom	lirniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczość	lirniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirniczość	lirniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirnicza	lirniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lirniczą	lirniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lirniczą	lirniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lirniczego	lirniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lirniczego	lirniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirniczej	lirniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lirniczej	lirniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lirniczej	lirniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lirnicze	lirniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lirnicze	lirniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lirnicze	lirniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lirnicze	lirniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lirniczemu	lirniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirniczo	lirniczy	adja		
lirniczych	lirniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lirniczych	lirniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirniczych	lirniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirniczy	lirniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lirniczy	lirniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lirniczy	lirniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lirniczymi	lirniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirniczym	lirniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirniczym	lirniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirniczym	lirniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirnicy	lirnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnicy	lirnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnikach	lirnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnika	lirnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnika	lirnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnikami	lirnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnikiem	lirnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirniki	lirnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirniki	lirnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirnik	lirnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnikom	lirnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnikowi	lirnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirników	lirnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirników	lirnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirniku	lirnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirniku	lirnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirnościach	lirność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirnościami	lirność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirnością	lirność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirności	lirność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirnościom	lirność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirność	lirność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirność	lirność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lirna	lirny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lirną	lirny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lirną	lirny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lirnego	lirny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lirnego	lirny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lirnej	lirny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lirnej	lirny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lirnej	lirny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lirne	lirny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lirne	lirny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lirne	lirny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lirne	lirny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lirnemu	lirny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lirni	lirny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lirno	lirny	adja		daw.
lirnych	lirny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lirnych	lirny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lirnych	lirny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lirny	lirny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lirny	lirny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lirnymi	lirny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lirnym	lirny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lirnym	lirny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lirnym	lirny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lirogonach	lirogon	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogona	lirogon	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogona	lirogon	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogonami	lirogon	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogonem	lirogon	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogonie	lirogon	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogonie	lirogon	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogon	lirogon	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogonom	lirogon	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogonowi	lirogon	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogonów	lirogon	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogony	lirogon	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogony	lirogon	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirogony	lirogon	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatościach	lirowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatościami	lirowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatością	lirowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatości	lirowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatościom	lirowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatość	lirowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowatość	lirowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowaci	lirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lirowata	lirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lirowatą	lirowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lirowatą	lirowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lirowatego	lirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lirowatego	lirowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirowatej	lirowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lirowatej	lirowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lirowatej	lirowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lirowate	lirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lirowate	lirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lirowate	lirowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lirowate	lirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lirowatemu	lirowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirowato	lirowaty	adja		
lirowatych	lirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lirowatych	lirowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowatych	lirowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowaty	lirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lirowaty	lirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lirowatymi	lirowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowatym	lirowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowatym	lirowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirowatym	lirowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirowościach	lirowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowościami	lirowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowością	lirowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowości	lirowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowościom	lirowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowość	lirowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowość	lirowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirowa	lirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lirową	lirowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lirową	lirowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lirowego	lirowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lirowego	lirowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirowej	lirowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lirowej	lirowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lirowej	lirowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lirowe	lirowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lirowe	lirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lirowe	lirowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lirowe	lirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lirowemu	lirowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirowi	lirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lirowo	lirowy	adja		
lirowych	lirowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lirowych	lirowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowych	lirowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowy	lirowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lirowy	lirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lirowymi	lirowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowym	lirowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirowym	lirowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirowym	lirowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liryczce	liryczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczce	liryczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczek	liryczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczkach	liryczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczka	liryczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczkami	liryczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczką	liryczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczkę	liryczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczki	liryczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczki	liryczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczki	liryczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczki	liryczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczko	liryczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczkom	liryczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczniej	lirycznie	adv:com		
lirycznie	lirycznie	adv:pos		
lirycznościach	liryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirycznościami	liryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirycznością	liryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczności	liryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirycznościom	liryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczność	liryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczność	liryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryczna	liryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liryczną	liryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liryczną	liryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lirycznego	liryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lirycznego	liryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirycznej	liryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lirycznej	liryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lirycznej	liryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liryczne	liryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liryczne	liryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liryczne	liryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liryczne	liryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lirycznemu	liryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liryczni	liryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liryczno	liryczny	adja		
lirycznych	liryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lirycznych	liryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirycznych	liryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liryczny	liryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liryczny	liryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lirycznymi	liryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirycznym	liryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lirycznym	liryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lirycznym	liryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liryce	liryka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryce	liryka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirykach	liryka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryka	liryka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirykami	liryka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryką	liryka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirykę	liryka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryk	liryka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryko	liryka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirykom	liryka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lirykach	liryk:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lirykami	liryk:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lirykiem	liryk:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryk:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryk:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryk:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryk	liryk:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryk	liryk:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lirykom	liryk:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lirykowi	liryk:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryków	liryk:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryku	liryk:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryku	liryk:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryku	liryk:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lirycy	liryk:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirycy	liryk:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirykach	liryk:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryka	liryk:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryka	liryk:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirykami	liryk:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirykiem	liryk:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryk:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liryki	liryk:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liryk	liryk:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirykom	liryk:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lirykowi	liryk:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryków	liryk:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryków	liryk:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryku	liryk:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryku	liryk:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacjach	liryzacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacja	liryzacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacjami	liryzacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacją	liryzacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacje	liryzacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacje	liryzacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacje	liryzacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzację	liryzacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacji	liryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
liryzacji	liryzacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacji	liryzacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacji	liryzacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacjo	liryzacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacjom	liryzacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liryzacyj	liryzacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
liryzmach	liryzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmami	liryzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmem	liryzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmie	liryzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmie	liryzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzm	liryzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzm	liryzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmom	liryzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmowi	liryzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmów	liryzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmu	liryzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmy	liryzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmy	liryzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzmy	liryzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liryzować	liryzować	inf:imperf		rzad.
liryzowaliby	liryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowalibyście	liryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowalibyśmy	liryzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowali	liryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
liryzowali	liryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowaliście	liryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowaliśmy	liryzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałaby	liryzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałabym	liryzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałabyś	liryzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowała	liryzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
liryzowała	liryzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałam	liryzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałaś	liryzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałby	liryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałbym	liryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałbyś	liryzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałem	liryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałeś	liryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzował	liryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
liryzował	liryzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałoby	liryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałobym	liryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałobyś	liryzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowało	liryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
liryzowało	liryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałom	liryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałoś	liryzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałyby	liryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałybyście	liryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałybyśmy	liryzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowały	liryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
liryzowały	liryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałyście	liryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzowałyśmy	liryzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzowana	liryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liryzowaną	liryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liryzowanego	liryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liryzowanego	liryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowanej	liryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liryzowane	liryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzowane	liryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowanemu	liryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowaniach	liryzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowania	liryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowania	liryzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowaniami	liryzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowanie	liryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowaniem	liryzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowani	liryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liryzowaniom	liryzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowaniu	liryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowano	liryzować	imps:imperf		rzad.
liryzowanych	liryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liryzowanych	liryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzowany	liryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liryzowany	liryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liryzowanymi	liryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzowanym	liryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzowanym	liryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzowań	liryzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liryzująca	liryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liryzującą	liryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liryzującego	liryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liryzującego	liryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzującej	liryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liryzujące	liryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzujące	liryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzującemu	liryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzując	liryzować	pcon:imperf		rzad.
liryzująco	liryzować	pacta		
liryzujących	liryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liryzujących	liryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzujący	liryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liryzujący	liryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liryzujący	liryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liryzującymi	liryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzującym	liryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liryzującym	liryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liryzują	liryzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzujcie	liryzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzujecie	liryzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzuje	liryzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
liryzujemy	liryzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzujesz	liryzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzuję	liryzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
liryzuj	liryzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
liryzujmy	liryzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
li	li:s	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
li	li:s	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisek	lisek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liskach	lisek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liska	lisek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liska	lisek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liskami	lisek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liskiem	lisek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liski	lisek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liski	lisek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liski	lisek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liskom	lisek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liskowi	lisek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisków	lisek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisku	lisek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisku	lisek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisia	lisi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lisią	lisi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lisią	lisi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lisich	lisi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lisich	lisi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisich	lisi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisiego	lisi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lisiego	lisi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisiej	lisi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lisiej	lisi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lisiej	lisi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lisie	lisi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisie	lisi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisie	lisi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lisie	lisi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lisiemu	lisi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisi	lisi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lisi	lisi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lisi	lisi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lisimi	lisi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisim	lisi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisim	lisi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisim	lisi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisio	lisi	adja		
lisiakach	lisiak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiaka	lisiak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiakami	lisiak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiakiem	lisiak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiaki	lisiak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiaki	lisiak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiaki	lisiak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiak	lisiak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiak	lisiak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiakom	lisiak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiakowi	lisiak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiaków	lisiak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiaku	lisiak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiaku	lisiak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzach	lisiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzach	lisiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarza	lisiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarza	lisiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarza	lisiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarza	lisiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzami	lisiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzami	lisiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarze	lisiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarze	lisiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarze	lisiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarze	lisiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarze	lisiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarze	lisiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarze	lisiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarze	lisiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzem	lisiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzem	lisiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarz	lisiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarz	lisiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzom	lisiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzom	lisiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzowi	lisiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzowi	lisiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzów	lisiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzów	lisiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzu	lisiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzu	lisiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzu	lisiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzu	lisiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lisiarzy	lisiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiarzy	lisiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątek	lisiątko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątkach	lisiątko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątka	lisiątko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątka	lisiątko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątka	lisiątko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątka	lisiątko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątkami	lisiątko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątkiem	lisiątko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątko	lisiątko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątko	lisiątko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątko	lisiątko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątkom	lisiątko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątku	lisiątko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiątku	lisiątko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisicach	lisica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisica	lisica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicami	lisica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicą	lisica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisice	lisica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisice	lisica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisice	lisica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicę	lisica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisic	lisica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisico	lisica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicom	lisica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicy	lisica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicy	lisica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicy	lisica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatościach	lisicowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatościami	lisicowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatością	lisicowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatości	lisicowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatościom	lisicowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatość	lisicowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowatość	lisicowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisicowaci	lisicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lisicowata	lisicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lisicowatą	lisicowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lisicowatą	lisicowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lisicowatego	lisicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lisicowatego	lisicowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisicowatej	lisicowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lisicowatej	lisicowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lisicowatej	lisicowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lisicowate	lisicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisicowate	lisicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisicowate	lisicowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lisicowate	lisicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lisicowatemu	lisicowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisicowato	lisicowaty	adja		
lisicowatych	lisicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lisicowatych	lisicowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisicowatych	lisicowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisicowaty	lisicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lisicowaty	lisicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lisicowatymi	lisicowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisicowatym	lisicowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisicowatym	lisicowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisicowatym	lisicowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisiczce	lisiczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczce	lisiczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczek	lisiczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczkach	lisiczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczka	lisiczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczkami	lisiczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczką	lisiczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczkę	lisiczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczki	lisiczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczki	lisiczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczki	lisiczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczki	lisiczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczko	lisiczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiczkom	lisiczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiąt	lisię	subst:pl:gen:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisięcia	lisię	subst:sg:gen:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisięciem	lisię	subst:sg:inst:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisięciu	lisię	subst:sg:dat:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisięciu	lisię	subst:sg:loc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisię	lisię	subst:sg:acc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisię	lisię	subst:sg:nom:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisię	lisię	subst:sg:voc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiętach	lisię	subst:pl:loc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisięta	lisię	subst:pl:acc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisięta	lisię	subst:pl:nom:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisięta	lisię	subst:pl:voc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiętami	lisię	subst:pl:inst:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisiętom	lisię	subst:pl:dat:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lisio	lisio	adv:pos		
lisiościach	lisiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiościami	lisiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiością	lisiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiości	lisiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiościom	lisiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiość	lisiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiość	lisiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiskach	lisisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiska	lisisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiska	lisisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiska	lisisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiska	lisisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiskami	lisisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiskiem	lisisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisisk	lisisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisisko	lisisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisisko	lisisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisisko	lisisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiskom	lisisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisisku	lisisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisisku	lisisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurach	lisiura:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiura	lisiura:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurami	lisiura:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurą	lisiura:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurę	lisiura:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiur	lisiura:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiuro	lisiura:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurom	lisiura:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s1	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s1	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s1	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurze	lisiura:s1	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurze	lisiura:s1	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurach	lisiura:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiura	lisiura:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurami	lisiura:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurą	lisiura:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurę	lisiura:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiuro	lisiura:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurom	lisiura:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurów	lisiura:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiury	lisiura:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurze	lisiura:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurze	lisiura:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurce	lisiurka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurce	lisiurka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurek	lisiurka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurkach	lisiurka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurka	lisiurka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurkami	lisiurka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurką	lisiurka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurkę	lisiurka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurki	lisiurka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurki	lisiurka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurki	lisiurka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurki	lisiurka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurko	lisiurka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisiurkom	lisiurka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowscy	liskowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liskowska	liskowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liskowską	liskowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liskowską	liskowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liskowskich	liskowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liskowskich	liskowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liskowskich	liskowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liskowskiego	liskowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liskowskiego	liskowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liskowskiej	liskowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liskowskiej	liskowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liskowskiej	liskowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liskowskie	liskowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liskowskie	liskowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liskowskie	liskowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liskowskie	liskowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liskowskiemu	liskowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liskowski	liskowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liskowski	liskowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liskowskimi	liskowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liskowskim	liskowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liskowskim	liskowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liskowskim	liskowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liskowsko	liskowski	adja		
liskowsku	liskowski	adjp		
liskowsko	liskowsko	adv:pos		
liskowskościach	liskowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskościami	liskowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskością	liskowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskości	liskowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskościom	liskowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskość	liskowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liskowskość	liskowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatościach	lisowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatościami	lisowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatością	lisowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatości	lisowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatościom	lisowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatość	lisowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowatość	lisowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowaci	lisowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lisowata	lisowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lisowatą	lisowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lisowatą	lisowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lisowatego	lisowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lisowatego	lisowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowatej	lisowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lisowatej	lisowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lisowatej	lisowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lisowate	lisowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisowate	lisowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisowate	lisowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lisowate	lisowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lisowatemu	lisowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowato	lisowaty	adja		
lisowatych	lisowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lisowatych	lisowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowatych	lisowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowaty	lisowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lisowaty	lisowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lisowatymi	lisowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowatym	lisowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowatym	lisowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowatym	lisowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowczycy	lisowczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczycy	lisowczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczykach	lisowczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyka	lisowczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyka	lisowczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczykami	lisowczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczykiem	lisowczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyki	lisowczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyki	lisowczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyk	lisowczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczykom	lisowczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczykowi	lisowczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyków	lisowczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyków	lisowczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyku	lisowczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowczyku	lisowczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
lisowościach	lisowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowościami	lisowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowością	lisowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowości	lisowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowościom	lisowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowość	lisowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowość	lisowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowscy	lisowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lisowska	lisowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lisowską	lisowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lisowską	lisowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lisowskich	lisowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lisowskich	lisowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowskich	lisowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowskiego	lisowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lisowskiego	lisowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowskiej	lisowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lisowskiej	lisowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lisowskiej	lisowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lisowskie	lisowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisowskie	lisowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisowskie	lisowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lisowskie	lisowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lisowskiemu	lisowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowski	lisowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lisowski	lisowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lisowskimi	lisowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowskim	lisowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowskim	lisowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowskim	lisowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowsko	lisowski	adja		
lisowsku	lisowski	adjp		
lisowsko	lisowsko	adv:pos		
lisowskościach	lisowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskościami	lisowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskością	lisowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskości	lisowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskościom	lisowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskość	lisowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowskość	lisowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lisowa	lisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lisową	lisowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lisową	lisowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lisowego	lisowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lisowego	lisowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowej	lisowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lisowej	lisowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lisowej	lisowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lisowe	lisowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisowe	lisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lisowe	lisowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lisowe	lisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lisowemu	lisowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowi	lisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lisowo	lisowy	adja		
lisowych	lisowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lisowych	lisowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowych	lisowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowy	lisowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lisowy	lisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lisowymi	lisowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowym	lisowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lisowym	lisowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisowym	lisowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lispach	lisp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispami	lisp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispem	lisp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispie	lisp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispie	lisp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lisp	lisp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lisp	lisp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispom	lisp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispowi	lisp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispów	lisp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispu	lisp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispy	lisp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispy	lisp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lispy	lisp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	komp.
lisach	lis:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisa	lis:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisa	lis:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisami	lis:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisem	lis:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisie	lis:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisie	lis:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lis	lis:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisom	lis:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisowi	lis:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisów	lis:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisach	lis:s2	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisach	lis:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisa	lis:s2	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisa	lis:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisa	lis:s2	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisa	lis:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisami	lis:s2	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisami	lis:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisem	lis:s2	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisem	lis:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisie	lis:s2	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisie	lis:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisie	lis:s2	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisie	lis:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lis	lis:s2	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lis	lis:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisom	lis:s2	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisom	lis:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisowie	lis:s2	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisowie	lis:s2	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisowi	lis:s2	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisowi	lis:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisów	lis:s2	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisów	lis:s2	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lisów	lis:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s2	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s2	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lis:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
listach	list	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listami	list	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listem	list	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
list	list	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
list	list	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listom	list	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowi	list	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listów	list	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listu	list	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listy	list	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listy	list	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listy	list	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liście	list	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liście	list	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listach	lista	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lista	lista	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listami	lista	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listą	lista	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listę	lista	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
list	lista	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listo	lista	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listom	lista	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listy	lista	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listy	lista	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listy	lista	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listy	lista	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liście	lista	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liście	lista	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeczek	listeczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczek	listeczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczkach	listeczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczka	listeczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczkami	listeczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczkiem	listeczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczki	listeczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczki	listeczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczki	listeczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczkom	listeczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczkowi	listeczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczków	listeczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczku	listeczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeczku	listeczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listek	listek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listek	listek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listkach	listek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listka	listek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listkami	listek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listkiem	listek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listki	listek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listki	listek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listki	listek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listkom	listek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listkowi	listek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listków	listek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listku	listek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listku	listek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listeriozach	listerioza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listerioza	listerioza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozami	listerioza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozą	listerioza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozę	listerioza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozie	listerioza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozie	listerioza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listerioz	listerioza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozo	listerioza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozom	listerioza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozy	listerioza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozy	listerioza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozy	listerioza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeriozy	listerioza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|wet.
listeweczce	listeweczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczce	listeweczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczek	listeweczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczkach	listeweczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczka	listeweczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczkami	listeweczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczką	listeweczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczkę	listeweczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczki	listeweczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczki	listeweczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczki	listeweczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczki	listeweczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczko	listeweczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listeweczkom	listeweczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewce	listewka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewce	listewka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewek	listewka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkach	listewka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewka	listewka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkami	listewka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewką	listewka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkę	listewka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewki	listewka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewki	listewka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewki	listewka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewki	listewka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewko	listewka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkom	listewka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatościach	listewkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatościami	listewkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatością	listewkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatości	listewkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatościom	listewkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatość	listewkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowatość	listewkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowaci	listewkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listewkowata	listewkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listewkowatą	listewkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listewkowatą	listewkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listewkowatego	listewkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listewkowatego	listewkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewkowatej	listewkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listewkowatej	listewkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listewkowatej	listewkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listewkowate	listewkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowate	listewkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowate	listewkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listewkowate	listewkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listewkowatemu	listewkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewkowato	listewkowaty	adja		
listewkowatych	listewkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listewkowatych	listewkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowatych	listewkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowaty	listewkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listewkowaty	listewkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listewkowatymi	listewkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowatym	listewkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowatym	listewkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewkowatym	listewkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewkowościach	listewkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowościami	listewkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowością	listewkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowości	listewkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowościom	listewkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowość	listewkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowość	listewkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listewkowa	listewkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listewkową	listewkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listewkową	listewkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listewkowego	listewkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listewkowego	listewkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewkowej	listewkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listewkowej	listewkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listewkowej	listewkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listewkowe	listewkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowe	listewkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowe	listewkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listewkowe	listewkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listewkowemu	listewkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewkowi	listewkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listewkowo	listewkowy	adja		
listewkowych	listewkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listewkowych	listewkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowych	listewkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowy	listewkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listewkowy	listewkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listewkowymi	listewkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowym	listewkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listewkowym	listewkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewkowym	listewkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listewnikach	listewnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewnika	listewnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewnikami	listewnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewnikiem	listewnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewniki	listewnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewniki	listewnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewniki	listewnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewnik	listewnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewnik	listewnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewnikom	listewnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewnikowi	listewnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewników	listewnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewniku	listewnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listewniku	listewnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingach	listing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingami	listing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingiem	listing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingi	listing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingi	listing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingi	listing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listing	listing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listing	listing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingom	listing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingowi	listing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingów	listing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingu	listing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingu	listing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listingu	listing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listkować	listkować	inf:imperf		
listkowaliby	listkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
listkowalibyście	listkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
listkowalibyśmy	listkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
listkowali	listkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
listkowali	listkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
listkowaliście	listkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
listkowaliśmy	listkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
listkowałaby	listkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
listkowałabym	listkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
listkowałabyś	listkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
listkowała	listkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
listkowała	listkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
listkowałam	listkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
listkowałaś	listkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
listkowałby	listkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
listkowałbym	listkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
listkowałbyś	listkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
listkowałem	listkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
listkowałeś	listkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
listkował	listkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
listkował	listkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
listkowałoby	listkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
listkowałobym	listkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
listkowałobyś	listkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
listkowało	listkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
listkowało	listkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
listkowałom	listkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
listkowałoś	listkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
listkowałyby	listkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
listkowałybyście	listkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
listkowałybyśmy	listkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
listkowały	listkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
listkowały	listkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
listkowałyście	listkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
listkowałyśmy	listkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
listkowaniach	listkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowania	listkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowania	listkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowaniami	listkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowanie	listkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowaniem	listkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowaniom	listkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowaniu	listkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listkowano	listkować	imps:imperf		
listkowań	listkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listkująca	listkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
listkującą	listkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
listkującego	listkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
listkującego	listkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listkującej	listkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
listkujące	listkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listkujące	listkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listkującemu	listkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listkując	listkować	pcon:imperf		
listkująco	listkować	pacta		
listkujących	listkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listkujących	listkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listkujący	listkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listkujący	listkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
listkujący	listkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
listkującymi	listkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listkującym	listkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listkującym	listkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listkują	listkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
listkujcie	listkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
listkujecie	listkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
listkuje	listkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
listkujemy	listkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
listkujesz	listkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
listkuję	listkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
listkuj	listkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
listkujmy	listkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
listkowatościach	listkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatościami	listkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatością	listkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatości	listkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatościom	listkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatość	listkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowatość	listkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowaci	listkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listkowata	listkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listkowatą	listkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listkowatą	listkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listkowatego	listkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listkowatego	listkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listkowatej	listkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listkowatej	listkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listkowatej	listkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listkowate	listkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listkowate	listkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listkowate	listkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listkowate	listkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listkowatemu	listkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listkowato	listkowaty	adja		
listkowatych	listkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listkowatych	listkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowatych	listkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowaty	listkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listkowaty	listkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listkowatymi	listkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowatym	listkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowatym	listkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listkowatym	listkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listkowościach	listkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowościami	listkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowością	listkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowości	listkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowościom	listkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowość	listkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowość	listkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listkowa	listkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listkową	listkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listkową	listkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listkowego	listkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listkowego	listkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listkowej	listkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listkowej	listkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listkowej	listkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listkowe	listkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listkowe	listkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listkowe	listkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listkowe	listkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listkowemu	listkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listkowi	listkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listkowo	listkowy	adja		
listkowych	listkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listkowych	listkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowych	listkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowy	listkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listkowy	listkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listkowymi	listkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowym	listkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listkowym	listkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listkowym	listkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listniąca	listnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
listniącą	listnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
listniącego	listnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
listniącego	listnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listniącej	listnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
listniące	listnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listniące	listnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listniącemu	listnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listniąc	listnić	pcon:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniąco	listnić	pacta		
listniących	listnić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listniących	listnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listniący	listnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listniący	listnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
listniący	listnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
listniącymi	listnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listniącym	listnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listniącym	listnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listnią	listnić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnicie	listnić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnić	listnić	inf:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnieniach	listnić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listnienia	listnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listnienia	listnić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listnieniami	listnić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listnienie	listnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listnieniem	listnić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listnieniom	listnić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
listnieniu	listnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listnień	listnić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listnię	listnić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnijcie	listnić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnij	listnić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnijmy	listnić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniliby	listnić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnilibyście	listnić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnilibyśmy	listnić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnili	listnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnili	listnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listni	listnić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniliście	listnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniliśmy	listnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłaby	listnić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłabym	listnić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłabyś	listnić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniła	listnić	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniła	listnić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłam	listnić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłaś	listnić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłby	listnić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłbym	listnić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłbyś	listnić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłem	listnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłeś	listnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnił	listnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnił	listnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłoby	listnić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłobym	listnić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłobyś	listnić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniło	listnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniło	listnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłom	listnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłoś	listnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłyby	listnić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłybyście	listnić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłybyśmy	listnić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniły	listnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniły	listnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłyście	listnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniłyśmy	listnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnimy	listnić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.|term.
listniono	listnić	imps:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnisz	listnić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.|term.
listnieniach	listnienie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnienia	listnienie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnienia	listnienie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnienia	listnienie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnienia	listnienie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnieniami	listnienie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnienie	listnienie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnienie	listnienie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnienie	listnienie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnieniem	listnienie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnieniom	listnienie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnieniu	listnienie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnieniu	listnienie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnień	listnienie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listnościach	listność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listnościami	listność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listnością	listność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listności	listność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listnościom	listność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listność	listność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listność	listność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listna	listny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listną	listny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listną	listny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listnego	listny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listnego	listny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listnej	listny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listnej	listny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listnej	listny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listne	listny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listne	listny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listne	listny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listne	listny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listnemu	listny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listni	listny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listno	listny	adja		
listnych	listny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listnych	listny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listnych	listny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listny	listny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listny	listny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listnymi	listny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listnym	listny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listnym	listny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listnym	listny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listonoszach	listonosz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonosza	listonosz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonosza	listonosz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszami	listonosz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonosze	listonosz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
listonosze	listonosz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
listonosze	listonosz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonosze	listonosz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszem	listonosz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonosz	listonosz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszom	listonosz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszowi	listonosz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszów	listonosz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszów	listonosz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszu	listonosz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszu	listonosz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszy	listonosz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszy	listonosz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszce	listonoszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszce	listonoszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszek	listonoszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszkach	listonoszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszka	listonoszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszkami	listonoszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszką	listonoszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszkę	listonoszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszki	listonoszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszki	listonoszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszki	listonoszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszki	listonoszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszko	listonoszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listonoszkom	listonoszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadach	listopad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopada	listopad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadami	listopad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadem	listopad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopad	listopad	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopad	listopad	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadom	listopad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowi	listopad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadów	listopad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopady	listopad	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopady	listopad	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopady	listopad	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadzie	listopad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadzie	listopad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowościach	listopadowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowościami	listopadowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowością	listopadowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowości	listopadowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowościom	listopadowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowość	listopadowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowość	listopadowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listopadowa	listopadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listopadową	listopadowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listopadową	listopadowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listopadowego	listopadowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listopadowego	listopadowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listopadowej	listopadowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listopadowej	listopadowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listopadowej	listopadowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listopadowe	listopadowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listopadowe	listopadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listopadowe	listopadowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listopadowe	listopadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listopadowemu	listopadowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listopadowi	listopadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listopadowo	listopadowy	adja		
listopadowych	listopadowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listopadowych	listopadowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listopadowych	listopadowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listopadowy	listopadowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listopadowy	listopadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listopadowymi	listopadowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listopadowym	listopadowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listopadowym	listopadowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listopadowym	listopadowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listować	listować	inf:imperf		daw.
listowaliby	listować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
listowalibyście	listować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
listowalibyśmy	listować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
listowali	listować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
listowali	listować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
listowaliście	listować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
listowaliśmy	listować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
listowałaby	listować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałabym	listować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
listowałabyś	listować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
listowała	listować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
listowała	listować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałam	listować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
listowałaś	listować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
listowałby	listować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałbym	listować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
listowałbyś	listować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
listowałem	listować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
listowałeś	listować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
listował	listować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
listował	listować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałoby	listować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałobym	listować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
listowałobyś	listować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
listowało	listować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
listowało	listować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałom	listować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
listowałoś	listować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
listowałyby	listować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałybyście	listować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
listowałybyśmy	listować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
listowały	listować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
listowały	listować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
listowałyście	listować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
listowałyśmy	listować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
listowaniach	listować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listowania	listować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listowania	listować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listowaniami	listować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listowanie	listować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listowaniem	listować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listowaniom	listować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
listowaniu	listować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listowano	listować	imps:imperf		daw.
listowań	listować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listująca	listować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
listującą	listować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
listującego	listować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
listującego	listować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listującej	listować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
listujące	listować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listujące	listować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listującemu	listować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listując	listować	pcon:imperf		daw.
listująco	listować	pacta		
listujących	listować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listujących	listować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listujący	listować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listujący	listować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
listujący	listować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
listującymi	listować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listującym	listować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listującym	listować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listują	listować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
listujcie	listować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
listujecie	listować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
listuje	listować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
listujemy	listować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
listujesz	listować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
listuję	listować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
listuj	listować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
listujmy	listować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
listowiach	listowie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowia	listowie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowia	listowie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowia	listowie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowia	listowie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowiami	listowie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowie	listowie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowie	listowie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowie	listowie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowiem	listowie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowi	listowie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowiom	listowie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowiu	listowie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listowiu	listowie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listownicach	listownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownica	listownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicami	listownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicą	listownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownice	listownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownice	listownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownice	listownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicę	listownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownic	listownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownico	listownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicom	listownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicy	listownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicy	listownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicy	listownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
listownicowate	listownicowate	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowate	listownicowate	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowate	listownicowate	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatych	listownicowate	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatych	listownicowate	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatymi	listownicowate	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatym	listownicowate	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatościach	listownicowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatościami	listownicowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatością	listownicowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatości	listownicowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatościom	listownicowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatość	listownicowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowatość	listownicowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownicowaci	listownicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listownicowata	listownicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listownicowatą	listownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listownicowatą	listownicowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listownicowatego	listownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listownicowatego	listownicowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listownicowatej	listownicowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listownicowatej	listownicowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listownicowatej	listownicowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listownicowate	listownicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listownicowate	listownicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listownicowate	listownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listownicowate	listownicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listownicowatemu	listownicowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listownicowato	listownicowaty	adja		
listownicowatych	listownicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listownicowatych	listownicowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listownicowatych	listownicowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listownicowaty	listownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listownicowaty	listownicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listownicowatymi	listownicowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listownicowatym	listownicowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listownicowatym	listownicowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listownicowatym	listownicowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listownie	listownie	adv:pos		
listownikach	listownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownika	listownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownikami	listownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownikiem	listownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowniki	listownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowniki	listownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowniki	listownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownik	listownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownik	listownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownikom	listownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownikowi	listownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowników	listownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowniku	listownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowniku	listownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listownościach	listowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownościami	listowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownością	listowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowności	listowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listownościom	listowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowność	listowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowność	listowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowna	listowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listowną	listowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listowną	listowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listownego	listowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listownego	listowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listownej	listowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listownej	listowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listownej	listowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listowne	listowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listowne	listowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listowne	listowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listowne	listowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listownemu	listowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listowni	listowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listowno	listowny	adja		
listownych	listowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listownych	listowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listownych	listowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listowny	listowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listowny	listowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listownymi	listowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listownym	listowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listownym	listowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listownym	listowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listowościach	listowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowościami	listowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowością	listowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowości	listowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowościom	listowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowość	listowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowość	listowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listowstręcie	listowstręt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstręcie	listowstręt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstrętach	listowstręt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstrętami	listowstręt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstrętem	listowstręt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstręt	listowstręt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstręt	listowstręt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstrętom	listowstręt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstrętowi	listowstręt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstrętów	listowstręt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstrętu	listowstręt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstręty	listowstręt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstręty	listowstręt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowstręty	listowstręt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
listowa	listowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listową	listowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listową	listowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listowego	listowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listowego	listowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listowej	listowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listowej	listowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listowej	listowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listowe	listowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listowe	listowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listowe	listowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listowe	listowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listowemu	listowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listowi	listowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listowo	listowy	adja		
listowych	listowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listowych	listowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listowych	listowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listowy	listowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listowy	listowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listowymi	listowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listowym	listowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listowym	listowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listowym	listowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listew	listwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwach	listwa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwa	listwa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwami	listwa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwą	listwa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwę	listwa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwie	listwa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwie	listwa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listw	listwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwo	listwa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwom	listwa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwy	listwa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwy	listwa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwy	listwa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwy	listwa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwować	listwować	inf:imperf		
listwowaliby	listwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
listwowalibyście	listwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
listwowalibyśmy	listwować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
listwowali	listwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
listwowali	listwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
listwowaliście	listwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
listwowaliśmy	listwować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
listwowałaby	listwować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
listwowałabym	listwować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
listwowałabyś	listwować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
listwowała	listwować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
listwowała	listwować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
listwowałam	listwować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
listwowałaś	listwować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
listwowałby	listwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
listwowałbym	listwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
listwowałbyś	listwować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
listwowałem	listwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
listwowałeś	listwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
listwował	listwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
listwował	listwować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
listwowałoby	listwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
listwowałobym	listwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
listwowałobyś	listwować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
listwowało	listwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
listwowało	listwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
listwowałom	listwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
listwowałoś	listwować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
listwowałyby	listwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
listwowałybyście	listwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
listwowałybyśmy	listwować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
listwowały	listwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
listwowały	listwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
listwowałyście	listwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
listwowałyśmy	listwować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
listwowana	listwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
listwowaną	listwować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
listwowanego	listwować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
listwowanego	listwować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwowanej	listwować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
listwowane	listwować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwowane	listwować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwowanemu	listwować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwowaniach	listwować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowania	listwować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowania	listwować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowaniami	listwować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowanie	listwować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowaniem	listwować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowani	listwować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listwowaniom	listwować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowaniu	listwować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
listwowano	listwować	imps:imperf		
listwowanych	listwować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listwowanych	listwować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwowany	listwować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
listwowany	listwować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
listwowanymi	listwować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwowanym	listwować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwowanym	listwować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwowań	listwować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
listwująca	listwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
listwującą	listwować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
listwującego	listwować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
listwującego	listwować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwującej	listwować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
listwujące	listwować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwujące	listwować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwującemu	listwować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwując	listwować	pcon:imperf		
listwująco	listwować	pacta		
listwujących	listwować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listwujących	listwować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwujący	listwować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
listwujący	listwować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
listwujący	listwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
listwującymi	listwować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwującym	listwować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
listwującym	listwować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
listwują	listwować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
listwujcie	listwować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
listwujecie	listwować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
listwuje	listwować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
listwujemy	listwować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
listwujesz	listwować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
listwuję	listwować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
listwuj	listwować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
listwujmy	listwować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
listwowaniach	listwowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowania	listwowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowania	listwowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowania	listwowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowania	listwowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowaniami	listwowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowanie	listwowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowanie	listwowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowanie	listwowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowaniem	listwowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowaniom	listwowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowaniu	listwowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowaniu	listwowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowań	listwowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
listwowato	listwowato	adv:pos		
listwowatościach	listwowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatościami	listwowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatością	listwowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatości	listwowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatościom	listwowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatość	listwowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowatość	listwowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
listwowaci	listwowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
listwowata	listwowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
listwowatą	listwowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
listwowatą	listwowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
listwowatego	listwowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
listwowatego	listwowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listwowatej	listwowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
listwowatej	listwowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
listwowatej	listwowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
listwowate	listwowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listwowate	listwowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
listwowate	listwowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
listwowate	listwowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
listwowatemu	listwowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listwowato	listwowaty	adja		
listwowatych	listwowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
listwowatych	listwowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listwowatych	listwowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listwowaty	listwowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
listwowaty	listwowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
listwowatymi	listwowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listwowatym	listwowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
listwowatym	listwowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
listwowatym	listwowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lisach	lisy	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lisami	lisy	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lisom	lisy	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lisów	lisy	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lisy	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lisy	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lisy	lisy	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liszai	liszaj	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszajach	liszaj	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszajach	liszaj	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaja	liszaj	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaja	liszaj	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaja	liszaj	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajami	liszaj	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszajami	liszaj	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaje	liszaj	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaje	liszaj	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaje	liszaj	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaje	liszaj	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaje	liszaj	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaje	liszaj	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajem	liszaj	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszajem	liszaj	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaj	liszaj	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaj	liszaj	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaj	liszaj	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajom	liszaj	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszajom	liszaj	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowi	liszaj	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszajowi	liszaj	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajów	liszaj	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaju	liszaj	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaju	liszaj	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszaju	liszaj	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
liszaju	liszaj	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajcach	liszajec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajca	liszajec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajcami	liszajec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajce	liszajec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajce	liszajec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajce	liszajec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajcem	liszajec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajcom	liszajec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajcowi	liszajec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajców	liszajec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajcu	liszajec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajcu	liszajec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajec	liszajec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajec	liszajec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowaceniach	liszajowacieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowacenia	liszajowacieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowacenia	liszajowacieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaceniami	liszajowacieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowacenie	liszajowacieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaceniem	liszajowacieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaceniom	liszajowacieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaceniu	liszajowacieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaceń	liszajowacieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciałaby	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałabym	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałabyś	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciała	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciała	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałam	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałaś	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałby	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałbym	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałbyś	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałem	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałeś	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciał	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciał	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałoby	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałobym	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałobyś	liszajowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciało	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciało	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałom	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałoś	liszajowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałyby	liszajowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałybyście	liszajowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałybyśmy	liszajowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciały	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciały	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałyście	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciałyśmy	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciano	liszajowacieć	imps:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieć	liszajowacieć	inf:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciejąca	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącą	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącego	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącego	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącej	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejące	liszajowacieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejące	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącemu	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejąc	liszajowacieć	pcon:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciejąco	liszajowacieć	pacta		
liszajowaciejących	liszajowacieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejących	liszajowacieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejący	liszajowacieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejący	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejący	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącymi	liszajowacieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącym	liszajowacieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszajowaciejącym	liszajowacieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszajowacieją	liszajowacieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciejcie	liszajowacieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciejecie	liszajowacieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieje	liszajowacieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciejemy	liszajowacieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciejesz	liszajowacieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieję	liszajowacieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciej	liszajowacieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowaciejmy	liszajowacieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieliby	liszajowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacielibyście	liszajowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacielibyśmy	liszajowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieli	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieli	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieliście	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
liszajowacieliśmy	liszajowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
liszajowatościach	liszajowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatościami	liszajowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatością	liszajowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatości	liszajowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatościom	liszajowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatość	liszajowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowatość	liszajowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszajowaci	liszajowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liszajowata	liszajowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liszajowatą	liszajowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liszajowatą	liszajowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liszajowatego	liszajowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liszajowatego	liszajowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liszajowatej	liszajowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liszajowatej	liszajowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liszajowatej	liszajowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liszajowate	liszajowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liszajowate	liszajowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liszajowate	liszajowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liszajowate	liszajowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liszajowatemu	liszajowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liszajowato	liszajowaty	adja		
liszajowatych	liszajowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liszajowatych	liszajowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liszajowatych	liszajowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liszajowaty	liszajowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liszajowaty	liszajowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liszajowatymi	liszajowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liszajowatym	liszajowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liszajowatym	liszajowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liszajowatym	liszajowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liszce	liszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszce	liszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszek	liszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszkach	liszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszka	liszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszkami	liszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszką	liszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszkę	liszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszki	liszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszki	liszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszki	liszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszki	liszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszko	liszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszkom	liszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzach	liszkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzach	liszkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarza	liszkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarza	liszkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarza	liszkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarza	liszkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzami	liszkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzami	liszkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarze	liszkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarze	liszkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarze	liszkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarze	liszkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarze	liszkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarze	liszkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarze	liszkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarze	liszkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzem	liszkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzem	liszkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarz	liszkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarz	liszkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzom	liszkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzom	liszkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzowi	liszkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzowi	liszkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzów	liszkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzów	liszkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzu	liszkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzu	liszkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzu	liszkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzu	liszkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
liszkarzy	liszkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkarzy	liszkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadach	liszkojad	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojada	liszkojad	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojada	liszkojad	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadami	liszkojad	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadem	liszkojad	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojad	liszkojad	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadom	liszkojad	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadowi	liszkojad	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadów	liszkojad	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojady	liszkojad	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojady	liszkojad	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojady	liszkojad	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadzie	liszkojad	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liszkojadzie	liszkojad	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lisztew	lisztwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwach	lisztwa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwa	lisztwa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwami	lisztwa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwą	lisztwa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwę	lisztwa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwie	lisztwa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwie	lisztwa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwo	lisztwa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwom	lisztwa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwy	lisztwa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwy	lisztwa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwy	lisztwa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisztwy	lisztwa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lisząca	liszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liszącą	liszyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liszącego	liszyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liszącego	liszyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszącej	liszyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liszące	liszyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszące	liszyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszącemu	liszyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lisząc	liszyć	pcon:imperf		daw.
lisząco	liszyć	pacta		
liszących	liszyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liszących	liszyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszący	liszyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liszący	liszyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liszący	liszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liszącymi	liszyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszącym	liszyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszącym	liszyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszą	liszyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
liszcie	liszyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
liszeniach	liszyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszenia	liszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszenia	liszyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liszeniami	liszyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liszenie	liszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszeniem	liszyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liszeni	liszyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liszeniom	liszyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liszeniu	liszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liszeń	liszyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liszę	liszyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lisz	liszyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
liszmy	liszyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
liszona	liszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liszoną	liszyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liszonego	liszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liszonego	liszyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszonej	liszyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liszone	liszyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszone	liszyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszonemu	liszyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszono	liszyć	imps:imperf		daw.
liszonych	liszyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liszonych	liszyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszony	liszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liszony	liszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liszonymi	liszyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszonym	liszyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liszonym	liszyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liszycie	liszyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyć	liszyć	inf:imperf		daw.
liszyliby	liszyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
liszylibyście	liszyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
liszylibyśmy	liszyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyli	liszyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
liszyli	liszyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
liszy	liszyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyliście	liszyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyliśmy	liszyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyłaby	liszyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłabym	liszyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyłabyś	liszyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyła	liszyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
liszyła	liszyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłam	liszyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyłaś	liszyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyłby	liszyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłbym	liszyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyłbyś	liszyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyłem	liszyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyłeś	liszyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
liszył	liszyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
liszył	liszyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłoby	liszyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłobym	liszyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyłobyś	liszyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyło	liszyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
liszyło	liszyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłom	liszyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyłoś	liszyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyłyby	liszyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłybyście	liszyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyłybyśmy	liszyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
liszyły	liszyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
liszyły	liszyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
liszyłyście	liszyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
liszyłyśmy	liszyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
liszymy	liszyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
liszysz	liszyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
liściakach	liściak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaka	liściak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściakami	liściak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściakiem	liściak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaki	liściak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaki	liściak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaki	liściak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściak	liściak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściak	liściak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściakom	liściak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściakowi	liściak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaków	liściak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaku	liściak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaku	liściak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścianościach	liścianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianościami	liścianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianością	liścianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianości	liścianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianościom	liścianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianość	liścianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścianość	liścianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściana	liściany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liścianą	liściany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liścianą	liściany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liścianego	liściany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liścianego	liściany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścianej	liściany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liścianej	liściany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liścianej	liściany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liściane	liściany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściane	liściany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściane	liściany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liściane	liściany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liścianemu	liściany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściani	liściany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liściano	liściany	adja		
liścianych	liściany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liścianych	liściany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścianych	liściany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściany	liściany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liściany	liściany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liścianymi	liściany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścianym	liściany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścianym	liściany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścianym	liściany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściarce	liściarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarce	liściarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarek	liściarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarkach	liściarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarka	liściarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarkami	liściarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarką	liściarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarkę	liściarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarki	liściarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarki	liściarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarki	liściarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarki	liściarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarko	liściarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściarkom	liściarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściaste	liściaste	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaste	liściaste	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liściaste	liściaste	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liściastych	liściaste	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liściastych	liściaste	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liściastymi	liściaste	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liściastym	liściaste	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
liściastościach	liściastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastościami	liściastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastością	liściastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastości	liściastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastościom	liściastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastość	liściastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściastość	liściastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściasta	liściasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liściastą	liściasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liściastą	liściasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liściastego	liściasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liściastego	liściasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściastej	liściasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liściastej	liściasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liściastej	liściasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liściaste	liściasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściaste	liściasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściaste	liściasty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liściaste	liściasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liściastemu	liściasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściasto	liściasty	adja		
liściastych	liściasty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liściastych	liściasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściastych	liściasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściasty	liściasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liściasty	liściasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liściastymi	liściasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściastym	liściasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściastym	liściasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściastym	liściasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściaści	liściasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liściach	liście	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liścia	liście	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liścia	liście	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liścia	liście	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liścia	liście	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liściami	liście	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liście	liście	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liście	liście	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liście	liście	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liściem	liście	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liści	liście	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liściom	liście	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liściu	liście	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liściu	liście	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liść	liście	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liściec	liściec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćcach	liściec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćca	liściec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćca	liściec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćcami	liściec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćce	liściec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćce	liściec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćce	liściec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćcem	liściec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćcom	liściec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćcowi	liściec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćców	liściec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćcu	liściec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liśćcu	liściec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
liścieniowościach	liścieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowościami	liścieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowością	liścieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowości	liścieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowościom	liścieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowość	liścieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowość	liścieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowa	liścieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liścieniową	liścieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liścieniową	liścieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liścieniowego	liścieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liścieniowego	liścieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścieniowej	liścieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liścieniowej	liścieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liścieniowej	liścieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liścieniowe	liścieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liścieniowe	liścieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liścieniowe	liścieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liścieniowe	liścieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liścieniowemu	liścieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścieniowi	liścieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liścieniowo	liścieniowy	adja		
liścieniowych	liścieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liścieniowych	liścieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścieniowych	liścieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścieniowy	liścieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liścieniowy	liścieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liścieniowymi	liścieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścieniowym	liścieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścieniowym	liścieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścieniowym	liścieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścieniach	liścień	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścienia	liścień	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniami	liścień	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścienie	liścień	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścienie	liścień	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścienie	liścień	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniem	liścień	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścieni	liścień	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniom	liścień	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniowi	liścień	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniu	liścień	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścieniu	liścień	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścień	liścień	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścień	liścień	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścikach	liścik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścika	liścik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścikami	liścik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścikiem	liścik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściki	liścik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściki	liścik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściki	liścik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścik	liścik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścik	liścik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścikom	liścik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścikowi	liścik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścików	liścik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściku	liścik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściku	liścik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściku	liścik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścinach	liścina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścina	liścina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścinami	liścina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściną	liścina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścinę	liścina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścinie	liścina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścinie	liścina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścin	liścina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścino	liścina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścinom	liścina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściny	liścina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściny	liścina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściny	liścina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściny	liścina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liścionodzy	liścionogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liścionoga	liścionogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liścionogą	liścionogi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liścionogą	liścionogi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liścionogich	liścionogi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liścionogich	liścionogi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścionogich	liścionogi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścionogiego	liścionogi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liścionogiego	liścionogi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścionogiej	liścionogi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liścionogiej	liścionogi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liścionogiej	liścionogi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liścionogie	liścionogi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liścionogie	liścionogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liścionogie	liścionogi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liścionogie	liścionogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liścionogiemu	liścionogi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścionogi	liścionogi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liścionogi	liścionogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liścionogimi	liścionogi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścionogim	liścionogi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liścionogim	liścionogi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścionogim	liścionogi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liścionogo	liścionogi	adja		
liścionogościach	liścionogość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogościami	liścionogość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogością	liścionogość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogości	liścionogość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogościom	liścionogość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogość	liścionogość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogość	liścionogość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosach	liścionos	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosa	liścionos	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosa	liścionos	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosami	liścionos	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosem	liścionos	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosie	liścionos	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosie	liścionos	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionos	liścionos	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosom	liścionos	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosowi	liścionos	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosów	liścionos	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosy	liścionos	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosy	liścionos	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionosy	liścionos	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogach	liścionóg	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionoga	liścionóg	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionoga	liścionóg	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogami	liścionóg	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogiem	liścionóg	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogi	liścionóg	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogi	liścionóg	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogi	liścionóg	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogom	liścionóg	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogowi	liścionóg	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogów	liścionóg	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogu	liścionóg	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionogu	liścionóg	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liścionóg	liścionóg	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędach	liściopęd	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędami	liściopęd	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędem	liściopęd	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopęd	liściopęd	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopęd	liściopęd	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędom	liściopęd	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędowi	liściopęd	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędów	liściopęd	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędu	liściopęd	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędy	liściopęd	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędy	liściopęd	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędy	liściopęd	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędzie	liściopęd	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściopędzie	liściopęd	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladach	liścioślad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladami	liścioślad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladem	liścioślad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścioślad	liścioślad	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścioślad	liścioślad	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladom	liścioślad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladowi	liścioślad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladów	liścioślad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladu	liścioślad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścioślady	liścioślad	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścioślady	liścioślad	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścioślady	liścioślad	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladzie	liścioślad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściośladzie	liścioślad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatościach	liściowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatościami	liściowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatością	liściowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatości	liściowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatościom	liściowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatość	liściowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowatość	liściowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowaci	liściowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liściowata	liściowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liściowatą	liściowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liściowatą	liściowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liściowatego	liściowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liściowatego	liściowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściowatej	liściowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liściowatej	liściowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liściowatej	liściowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liściowate	liściowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściowate	liściowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściowate	liściowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liściowate	liściowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liściowatemu	liściowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściowato	liściowaty	adja		
liściowatych	liściowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liściowatych	liściowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowatych	liściowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowaty	liściowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liściowaty	liściowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liściowatymi	liściowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowatym	liściowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowatym	liściowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściowatym	liściowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściowościach	liściowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowościami	liściowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowością	liściowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowości	liściowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowościom	liściowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowość	liściowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowość	liściowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściowa	liściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liściową	liściowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liściową	liściowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liściowego	liściowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liściowego	liściowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściowej	liściowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liściowej	liściowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liściowej	liściowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liściowe	liściowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściowe	liściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściowe	liściowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liściowe	liściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liściowemu	liściowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściowi	liściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liściowo	liściowy	adja		
liściowych	liściowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liściowych	liściowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowych	liściowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowy	liściowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liściowy	liściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liściowymi	liściowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowym	liściowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściowym	liściowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściowym	liściowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściozwojach	liściozwój	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwojami	liściozwój	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwoje	liściozwój	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwoje	liściozwój	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwoje	liściozwój	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwojem	liściozwój	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwojom	liściozwój	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwojowi	liściozwój	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwojów	liściozwój	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwoju	liściozwój	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwoju	liściozwój	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwoju	liściozwój	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwój	liściozwój	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściozwój	liściozwój	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściożernościach	liściożerność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożernościami	liściożerność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożernością	liściożerność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerności	liściożerność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożernościom	liściożerność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerność	liściożerność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerność	liściożerność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liściożerna	liściożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liściożerną	liściożerny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liściożerną	liściożerny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liściożernego	liściożerny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liściożernego	liściożerny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściożernej	liściożerny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liściożernej	liściożerny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liściożernej	liściożerny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liściożerne	liściożerny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściożerne	liściożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liściożerne	liściożerny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liściożerne	liściożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liściożernemu	liściożerny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściożerni	liściożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liściożerno	liściożerny	adja		
liściożernych	liściożerny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liściożernych	liściożerny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściożernych	liściożerny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściożerny	liściożerny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liściożerny	liściożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liściożernymi	liściożerny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściożernym	liściożerny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liściożernym	liściożerny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściożernym	liściożerny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liściskach	liścisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściska	liścisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściska	liścisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściska	liścisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściska	liścisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściskami	liścisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściskiem	liścisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liścisk	liścisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liścisko	liścisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liścisko	liścisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liścisko	liścisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściskom	liścisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liścisku	liścisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liścisku	liścisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liściwiach	liściwie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwia	liściwie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwia	liściwie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwia	liściwie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwia	liściwie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwiami	liściwie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwie	liściwie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwie	liściwie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwie	liściwie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwiem	liściwie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwi	liściwie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwiom	liściwie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwiu	liściwie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściwiu	liściwie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
liściach	liść	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liścia	liść	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liście	liść	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liście	liść	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liście	liść	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściem	liść	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liści	liść	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściom	liść	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściowi	liść	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściu	liść	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liściu	liść	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liść	liść	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liść	liść	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
liśćmi	liść	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litaniach	litania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litania	litania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litaniami	litania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanią	litania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanie	litania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanie	litania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanie	litania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanię	litania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanii	litania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litanii	litania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanii	litania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanii	litania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanij	litania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litanio	litania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litaniom	litania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijnościach	litanijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijnościami	litanijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijnością	litanijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijności	litanijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijnościom	litanijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijność	litanijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijność	litanijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litanijna	litanijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litanijną	litanijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litanijną	litanijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litanijnego	litanijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litanijnego	litanijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litanijnej	litanijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litanijnej	litanijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litanijnej	litanijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litanijne	litanijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litanijne	litanijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litanijne	litanijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litanijne	litanijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litanijnemu	litanijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litanijni	litanijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litanijno	litanijny	adja		
litanijnych	litanijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litanijnych	litanijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litanijnych	litanijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litanijny	litanijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litanijny	litanijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litanijnymi	litanijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litanijnym	litanijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litanijnym	litanijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litanijnym	litanijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litaurach	litaury	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
litaurami	litaury	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
litaurom	litaury	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
litaurów	litaury	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
litaury	litaury	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
litaury	litaury	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
litaury	litaury	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
litaurzystach	litaurzysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzysta	litaurzysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzystami	litaurzysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzystą	litaurzysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzystę	litaurzysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzysto	litaurzysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzystom	litaurzysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzystów	litaurzysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzystów	litaurzysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzysty	litaurzysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzysty	litaurzysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzysty	litaurzysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzyście	litaurzysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzyście	litaurzysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzyści	litaurzysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litaurzyści	litaurzysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litchi	litchi	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litchi	litchi	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literach	litera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litera	litera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literami	litera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literą	litera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literę	litera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liter	litera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litero	litera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literom	litera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litery	litera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litery	litera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litery	litera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litery	litera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literze	litera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literze	litera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacinach	literacina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacinach	literacina	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacina	literacina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacina	literacina	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacinami	literacina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacinami	literacina	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaciną	literacina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaciną	literacina	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacinę	literacina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacinę	literacina	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacinie	literacina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacinie	literacina	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacinie	literacina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacinie	literacina	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacini	literacina	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacini	literacina	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacin	literacina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacino	literacina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacino	literacina	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacinom	literacina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literacinom	literacina	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacinów	literacina	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacinów	literacina	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaciny	literacina	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
literaciny	literacina	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
literaciny	literacina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaciny	literacina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaciny	literacina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaciny	literacina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaciny	literacina	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaccy	literacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
literacka	literacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
literacką	literacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
literacką	literacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
literackich	literacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
literackich	literacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literackich	literacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literackiego	literacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
literackiego	literacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literackiej	literacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
literackiej	literacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
literackiej	literacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
literackie	literacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literackie	literacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literackie	literacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
literackie	literacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
literackiemu	literacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literacki	literacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
literacki	literacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
literackimi	literacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literackim	literacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literackim	literacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literackim	literacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literacko	literacki	adja		
literacku	literacki	adjp		
literacko	literacko	adv:pos		
literackościach	literackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackościami	literackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackością	literackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackości	literackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackościom	literackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackość	literackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literackość	literackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literakach	literak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literaka	literak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literakami	literak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literakiem	literak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literaki	literak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literaki	literak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literaki	literak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literak	literak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literak	literak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literakom	literak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literakowi	literak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literaków	literak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literaku	literak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literaku	literak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literalnie	literalnie	adv:pos		
literalnościach	literalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalnościami	literalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalnością	literalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalności	literalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalnościom	literalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalność	literalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalność	literalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literalna	literalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
literalną	literalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
literalną	literalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
literalnego	literalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
literalnego	literalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literalnej	literalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
literalnej	literalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
literalnej	literalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
literalne	literalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literalne	literalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literalne	literalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
literalne	literalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
literalnemu	literalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literalni	literalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
literalno	literalny	adja		
literalnych	literalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
literalnych	literalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literalnych	literalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literalny	literalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
literalny	literalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
literalnymi	literalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literalnym	literalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literalnym	literalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literalnym	literalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literacie	literat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literacie	literat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaci	literat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaci	literat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literatach	literat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literata	literat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literata	literat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literatami	literat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literatem	literat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literat	literat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literatom	literat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literatowi	literat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literatów	literat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literatów	literat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaty	literat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
literaty	literat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
literacie	literata	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literacie	literata	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literatach	literata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literata	literata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literatami	literata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literatą	literata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literatę	literata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literat	literata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literato	literata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literatom	literata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literaty	literata	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literaty	literata	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literaty	literata	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literaty	literata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
literatce	literatka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatce	literatka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatek	literatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatkach	literatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatka	literatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatkami	literatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatką	literatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatkę	literatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatki	literatka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatki	literatka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatki	literatka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatki	literatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatko	literatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatkom	literatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturach	literatura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatura	literatura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturami	literatura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturą	literatura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturę	literatura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatur	literatura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturo	literatura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturom	literatura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatury	literatura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatury	literatura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatury	literatura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literatury	literatura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturze	literatura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturze	literatura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcach	literaturoznawca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawca	literaturoznawca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcami	literaturoznawca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcą	literaturoznawca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawce	literaturoznawca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawce	literaturoznawca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcę	literaturoznawca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawco	literaturoznawca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcom	literaturoznawca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawców	literaturoznawca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawców	literaturoznawca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcy	literaturoznawca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcy	literaturoznawca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcy	literaturoznawca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcy	literaturoznawca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcy	literaturoznawca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczo	literaturoznawczo	adv:pos		
literaturoznawczościach	literaturoznawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczościami	literaturoznawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczością	literaturoznawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczości	literaturoznawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczościom	literaturoznawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczość	literaturoznawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczość	literaturoznawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawcza	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
literaturoznawczą	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
literaturoznawczą	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
literaturoznawczego	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
literaturoznawczego	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literaturoznawczej	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
literaturoznawczej	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
literaturoznawczej	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
literaturoznawcze	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literaturoznawcze	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literaturoznawcze	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
literaturoznawcze	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
literaturoznawczemu	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literaturoznawczo	literaturoznawczy	adja		
literaturoznawczych	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
literaturoznawczych	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literaturoznawczych	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literaturoznawczy	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
literaturoznawczy	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
literaturoznawczy	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
literaturoznawczymi	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literaturoznawczym	literaturoznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literaturoznawczym	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literaturoznawczym	literaturoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literaturoznawczyniach	literaturoznawczyni	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyniami	literaturoznawczyni	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczynią	literaturoznawczyni	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczynie	literaturoznawczyni	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczynie	literaturoznawczyni	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczynie	literaturoznawczyni	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczynię	literaturoznawczyni	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyni	literaturoznawczyni	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyni	literaturoznawczyni	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyni	literaturoznawczyni	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyni	literaturoznawczyni	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyni	literaturoznawczyni	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyniom	literaturoznawczyni	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawczyń	literaturoznawczyni	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwach	literaturoznawstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwa	literaturoznawstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwa	literaturoznawstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwa	literaturoznawstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwa	literaturoznawstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwami	literaturoznawstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwem	literaturoznawstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwie	literaturoznawstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstw	literaturoznawstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwo	literaturoznawstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwo	literaturoznawstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwo	literaturoznawstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwom	literaturoznawstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literaturoznawstwu	literaturoznawstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literek	literek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literek	literek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literkach	literek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literka	literek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literkami	literek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literkiem	literek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literki	literek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literki	literek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literki	literek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literkom	literek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literkowi	literek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literków	literek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literku	literek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literku	literek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolach	litergol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolami	litergol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergole	litergol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergole	litergol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergole	litergol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolem	litergol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergoli	litergol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergol	litergol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergol	litergol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolom	litergol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolowi	litergol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolów	litergol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolu	litergol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolu	litergol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litergolu	litergol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literce	literka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literce	literka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literek	literka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literkach	literka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literka	literka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literkami	literka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literką	literka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literkę	literka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literki	literka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literki	literka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literki	literka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literki	literka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literko	literka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literkom	literka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwach	liternictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwa	liternictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwa	liternictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwa	liternictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwa	liternictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwami	liternictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwem	liternictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwie	liternictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictw	liternictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwo	liternictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwo	liternictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwo	liternictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwom	liternictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
liternictwu	liternictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literniczce	literniczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczce	literniczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczek	literniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczkach	literniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczka	literniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczkami	literniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczką	literniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczkę	literniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczki	literniczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczki	literniczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczki	literniczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczki	literniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczko	literniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczkom	literniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczościach	literniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczościami	literniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczością	literniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczości	literniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczościom	literniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczość	literniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literniczość	literniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liternicza	literniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
literniczą	literniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
literniczą	literniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
literniczego	literniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
literniczego	literniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literniczej	literniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
literniczej	literniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
literniczej	literniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liternicze	literniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liternicze	literniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liternicze	literniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liternicze	literniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
literniczemu	literniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literniczo	literniczy	adja		
literniczych	literniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
literniczych	literniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literniczych	literniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literniczy	literniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
literniczy	literniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
literniczy	literniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
literniczymi	literniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literniczym	literniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literniczym	literniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literniczym	literniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liternicy	liternik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternicy	liternik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternikach	liternik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternika	liternik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternika	liternik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternikami	liternik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternikiem	liternik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literniki	liternik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
literniki	liternik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liternik	liternik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternikom	liternik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liternikowi	liternik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literników	liternik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literników	liternik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literniku	liternik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literniku	liternik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
literować	literować	inf:imperf		
literowaliby	literować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
literowalibyście	literować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
literowalibyśmy	literować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
literowali	literować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
literowali	literować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
literowaliście	literować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
literowaliśmy	literować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
literowałaby	literować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
literowałabym	literować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
literowałabyś	literować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
literowała	literować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
literowała	literować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
literowałam	literować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
literowałaś	literować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
literowałby	literować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
literowałbym	literować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
literowałbyś	literować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
literowałem	literować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
literowałeś	literować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
literował	literować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
literował	literować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
literowałoby	literować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
literowałobym	literować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
literowałobyś	literować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
literowało	literować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
literowało	literować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
literowałom	literować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
literowałoś	literować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
literowałyby	literować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
literowałybyście	literować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
literowałybyśmy	literować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
literowały	literować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
literowały	literować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
literowałyście	literować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
literowałyśmy	literować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
literowana	literować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
literowaną	literować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
literowanego	literować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
literowanego	literować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literowanej	literować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
literowane	literować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literowane	literować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literowanemu	literować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literowaniach	literować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
literowania	literować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
literowania	literować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
literowaniami	literować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
literowanie	literować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
literowaniem	literować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
literowani	literować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
literowaniom	literować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
literowaniu	literować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
literowano	literować	imps:imperf		
literowanych	literować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
literowanych	literować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literowany	literować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
literowany	literować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
literowanymi	literować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literowanym	literować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literowanym	literować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literowań	literować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
literująca	literować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
literującą	literować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
literującego	literować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
literującego	literować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literującej	literować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
literujące	literować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literujące	literować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literującemu	literować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literując	literować	pcon:imperf		
literująco	literować	pacta		
literujących	literować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
literujących	literować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literujący	literować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
literujący	literować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
literujący	literować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
literującymi	literować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literującym	literować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
literującym	literować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
literują	literować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
literujcie	literować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
literujecie	literować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
literuje	literować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
literujemy	literować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
literujesz	literować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
literuję	literować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
literuj	literować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
literujmy	literować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
literowcach	literowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowca	literowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowcami	literowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowce	literowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowce	literowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowce	literowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowcem	literowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowcom	literowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowcowi	literowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowców	literowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowcu	literowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowcu	literowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowiec	literowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowiec	literowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
literowo	literowo	adv:pos		
literowościach	literowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowościami	literowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowością	literowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowości	literowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowościom	literowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowość	literowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowość	literowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literowa	literowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
literową	literowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
literową	literowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
literowego	literowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
literowego	literowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literowej	literowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
literowej	literowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
literowej	literowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
literowe	literowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literowe	literowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
literowe	literowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
literowe	literowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
literowemu	literowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literowi	literowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
literowo	literowy	adja		
literowych	literowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
literowych	literowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literowych	literowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literowy	literowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
literowy	literowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
literowymi	literowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literowym	literowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
literowym	literowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literowym	literowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
literówce	literówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówce	literówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówek	literówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówkach	literówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówka	literówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówkami	literówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówką	literówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówkę	literówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówki	literówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówki	literówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówki	literówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówki	literówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówko	literówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
literówkom	literówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
literzyskach	literzysko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzyska	literzysko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzyska	literzysko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzyska	literzysko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzyska	literzysko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzyskami	literzysko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzyskiem	literzysko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzysk	literzysko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzysko	literzysko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzysko	literzysko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzysko	literzysko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzyskom	literzysko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzysku	literzysko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
literzysku	literzysko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litewce	litewka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewce	litewka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewek	litewka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewkach	litewka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewka	litewka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewkami	litewka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewką	litewka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewkę	litewka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewki	litewka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewki	litewka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewki	litewka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewki	litewka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewko	litewka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewkom	litewka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litewscy	litewski:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litewska	litewski:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litewską	litewski:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litewską	litewski:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litewskich	litewski:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litewskich	litewski:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litewskich	litewski:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litewskiego	litewski:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litewskiego	litewski:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litewskiej	litewski:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litewskiej	litewski:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litewskiej	litewski:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litewskie	litewski:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litewskie	litewski:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litewskie	litewski:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litewskie	litewski:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litewskiemu	litewski:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litewski	litewski:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litewski	litewski:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litewskimi	litewski:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litewskim	litewski:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litewskim	litewski:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litewskim	litewski:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litewsko	litewski:a	adja		
litewsku	litewski:a	adjp		
litewskich	litewski:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskich	litewski:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskiego	litewski:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskie	litewski:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskie	litewski:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskie	litewski:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskiemu	litewski:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewski	litewski:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewski	litewski:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewski	litewski:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskimi	litewski:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskim	litewski:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskim	litewski:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewskim	litewski:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litewsko	litewsko	adv:pos		
litewskościach	litewskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskościami	litewskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskością	litewskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskości	litewskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskościom	litewskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskość	litewskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewskość	litewskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyznach	litewszczyzna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzna	litewszczyzna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyznami	litewszczyzna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzną	litewszczyzna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyznę	litewszczyzna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzn	litewszczyzna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzno	litewszczyzna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyznom	litewszczyzna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzny	litewszczyzna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzny	litewszczyzna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzny	litewszczyzna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyzny	litewszczyzna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyźnie	litewszczyzna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litewszczyźnie	litewszczyzna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupach	litkup	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupami	litkup	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupem	litkup	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupie	litkup	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupie	litkup	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkup	litkup	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkup	litkup	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupom	litkup	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowi	litkup	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupów	litkup	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupu	litkup	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupy	litkup	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupy	litkup	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupy	litkup	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litkupnicy	litkupnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnicy	litkupnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnikach	litkupnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnika	litkupnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnika	litkupnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnikami	litkupnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnikiem	litkupnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupniki	litkupnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupniki	litkupnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnik	litkupnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnikom	litkupnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupnikowi	litkupnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupników	litkupnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupników	litkupnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupniku	litkupnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupniku	litkupnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litkupowościach	litkupowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowościami	litkupowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowością	litkupowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowości	litkupowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowościom	litkupowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowość	litkupowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowość	litkupowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litkupowa	litkupowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litkupową	litkupowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litkupową	litkupowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litkupowego	litkupowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litkupowego	litkupowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litkupowej	litkupowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litkupowej	litkupowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litkupowej	litkupowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litkupowe	litkupowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litkupowe	litkupowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litkupowe	litkupowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litkupowe	litkupowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litkupowemu	litkupowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litkupowi	litkupowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litkupowo	litkupowy	adja		
litkupowych	litkupowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litkupowych	litkupowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litkupowych	litkupowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litkupowy	litkupowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litkupowy	litkupowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litkupowymi	litkupowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litkupowym	litkupowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litkupowym	litkupowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litkupowym	litkupowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litochromiach	litochromia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromia	litochromia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromiami	litochromia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromią	litochromia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromie	litochromia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromie	litochromia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromie	litochromia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromię	litochromia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromii	litochromia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litochromii	litochromia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromii	litochromia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromii	litochromia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromij	litochromia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litochromio	litochromia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litochromiom	litochromia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanach	litofan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanami	litofan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanem	litofan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanie	litofan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanie	litofan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofan	litofan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofan	litofan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanom	litofan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanowi	litofan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanów	litofan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofanu	litofan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofany	litofan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofany	litofan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofany	litofan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litofaniach	litofania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofania	litofania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofaniami	litofania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanią	litofania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanie	litofania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanie	litofania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanie	litofania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanię	litofania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanii	litofania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litofanii	litofania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanii	litofania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanii	litofania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofanij	litofania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litofanio	litofania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofaniom	litofania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilnościach	litofilność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilnościami	litofilność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilnością	litofilność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilności	litofilność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilnościom	litofilność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilność	litofilność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilność	litofilność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litofilna	litofilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litofilną	litofilny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litofilną	litofilny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litofilnego	litofilny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litofilnego	litofilny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litofilnej	litofilny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litofilnej	litofilny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litofilnej	litofilny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litofilne	litofilny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litofilne	litofilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litofilne	litofilny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litofilne	litofilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litofilnemu	litofilny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litofilni	litofilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litofilno	litofilny	adja		
litofilnych	litofilny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litofilnych	litofilny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litofilnych	litofilny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litofilny	litofilny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litofilny	litofilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litofilnymi	litofilny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litofilnym	litofilny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litofilnym	litofilny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litofilnym	litofilny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litogenezach	litogeneza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogeneza	litogeneza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezami	litogeneza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezą	litogeneza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezę	litogeneza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezie	litogeneza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezie	litogeneza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenez	litogeneza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezo	litogeneza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezom	litogeneza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezy	litogeneza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezy	litogeneza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezy	litogeneza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litogenezy	litogeneza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifiach	litoglifia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifia	litoglifia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifiami	litoglifia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifią	litoglifia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifie	litoglifia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifie	litoglifia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifie	litoglifia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifię	litoglifia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifii	litoglifia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litoglifii	litoglifia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifii	litoglifia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifii	litoglifia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifij	litoglifia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litoglifio	litoglifia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoglifiom	litoglifia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografach	litograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografa	litograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografa	litograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografami	litograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografem	litograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografie	litograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografie	litograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litograf	litograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografom	litograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografowie	litograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografowie	litograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografowi	litograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografów	litograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografów	litograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litografy	litograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litografy	litograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litografiach	litografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografia	litografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiami	litografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografią	litografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografie	litografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografie	litografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografie	litografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografię	litografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografii	litografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litografii	litografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografii	litografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografii	litografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografij	litografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litografio	litografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiom	litografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficznie	litograficznie	adv:pos		
litograficznościach	litograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficznościami	litograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficznością	litograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzności	litograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficznościom	litograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzność	litograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzność	litograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litograficzna	litograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litograficzną	litograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litograficzną	litograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litograficznego	litograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litograficznego	litograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litograficznej	litograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litograficznej	litograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litograficznej	litograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litograficzne	litograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litograficzne	litograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litograficzne	litograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litograficzne	litograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litograficznemu	litograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litograficzni	litograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litograficzno	litograficzny	adja		
litograficznych	litograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litograficznych	litograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litograficznych	litograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litograficzny	litograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litograficzny	litograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litograficznymi	litograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litograficznym	litograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litograficznym	litograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litograficznym	litograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litografice	litografika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografice	litografika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografikach	litografika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografika	litografika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografikami	litografika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiką	litografika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografikę	litografika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiki	litografika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiki	litografika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiki	litografika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiki	litografika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografik	litografika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografiko	litografika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografikom	litografika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litografować	litografować	inf:imperf		
litografowaliby	litografować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
litografowalibyście	litografować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
litografowalibyśmy	litografować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
litografowali	litografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
litografowali	litografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
litografowaliście	litografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
litografowaliśmy	litografować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
litografowałaby	litografować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
litografowałabym	litografować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
litografowałabyś	litografować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
litografowała	litografować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
litografowała	litografować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
litografowałam	litografować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
litografowałaś	litografować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
litografowałby	litografować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
litografowałbym	litografować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
litografowałbyś	litografować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
litografowałem	litografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
litografowałeś	litografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
litografował	litografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
litografował	litografować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
litografowałoby	litografować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
litografowałobym	litografować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
litografowałobyś	litografować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
litografowało	litografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
litografowało	litografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
litografowałom	litografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
litografowałoś	litografować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
litografowałyby	litografować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
litografowałybyście	litografować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
litografowałybyśmy	litografować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
litografowały	litografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
litografowały	litografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
litografowałyście	litografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
litografowałyśmy	litografować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
litografowana	litografować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litografowaną	litografować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litografowanego	litografować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litografowanego	litografować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografowanej	litografować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litografowane	litografować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografowane	litografować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografowanemu	litografować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografowaniach	litografować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowania	litografować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowania	litografować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowaniami	litografować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowanie	litografować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowaniem	litografować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowani	litografować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litografowaniom	litografować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowaniu	litografować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litografowano	litografować	imps:imperf		
litografowanych	litografować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litografowanych	litografować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografowany	litografować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litografowany	litografować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litografowanymi	litografować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografowanym	litografować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografowanym	litografować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografowań	litografować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litografująca	litografować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litografującą	litografować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litografującego	litografować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litografującego	litografować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografującej	litografować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litografujące	litografować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografujące	litografować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografującemu	litografować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografując	litografować	pcon:imperf		
litografująco	litografować	pacta		
litografujących	litografować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litografujących	litografować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografujący	litografować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litografujący	litografować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litografujący	litografować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litografującymi	litografować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografującym	litografować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litografującym	litografować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litografują	litografować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
litografujcie	litografować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
litografujecie	litografować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
litografuje	litografować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
litografujemy	litografować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
litografujesz	litografować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
litografuję	litografować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
litografuj	litografować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
litografujmy	litografować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
litoklazach	litoklaz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazami	litoklaz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazem	litoklaz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazie	litoklaz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazie	litoklaz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklaz	litoklaz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklaz	litoklaz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazom	litoklaz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazowi	litoklaz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazów	litoklaz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazu	litoklaz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazy	litoklaz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazy	litoklaz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoklazy	litoklaz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litologiach	litologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologia	litologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiami	litologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologią	litologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologie	litologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologie	litologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologie	litologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologię	litologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologii	litologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litologii	litologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologii	litologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologii	litologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologij	litologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litologio	litologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiom	litologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologicznościach	litologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologicznościami	litologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologicznością	litologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczności	litologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologicznościom	litologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczność	litologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczność	litologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litologiczna	litologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litologiczną	litologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litologiczną	litologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litologicznego	litologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litologicznego	litologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litologicznej	litologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litologicznej	litologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litologicznej	litologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litologiczne	litologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litologiczne	litologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litologiczne	litologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litologiczne	litologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litologicznemu	litologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litologiczni	litologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litologiczno	litologiczny	adja		
litologicznych	litologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litologicznych	litologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litologicznych	litologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litologiczny	litologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litologiczny	litologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litologicznymi	litologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litologicznym	litologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litologicznym	litologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litologicznym	litologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litometeorach	litometeor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeorami	litometeor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeorem	litometeor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeor	litometeor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeor	litometeor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeorom	litometeor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeorowi	litometeor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeorów	litometeor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeoru	litometeor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeory	litometeor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeory	litometeor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeory	litometeor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeorze	litometeor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litometeorze	litometeor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponach	litopon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponami	litopon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponem	litopon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponie	litopon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponie	litopon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litopon	litopon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litopon	litopon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponom	litopon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponowi	litopon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponów	litopon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoponu	litopon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litopony	litopon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litopony	litopon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litopony	litopon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litopternach	litoptern	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopterna	litoptern	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopterna	litoptern	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopternami	litoptern	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopternem	litoptern	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopternie	litoptern	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopternie	litoptern	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litoptern	litoptern	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopternom	litoptern	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopternowi	litoptern	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopternów	litoptern	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopterny	litoptern	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopterny	litoptern	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litopterny	litoptern	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litoralach	litoral	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralami	litoral	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litorale	litoral	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litorale	litoral	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litorale	litoral	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralem	litoral	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litorali	litoral	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoral	litoral	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoral	litoral	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralom	litoral	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralowi	litoral	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralów	litoral	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralu	litoral	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralu	litoral	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralu	litoral	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litoralnościach	litoralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralnościami	litoralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralnością	litoralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralności	litoralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralnościom	litoralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralność	litoralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralność	litoralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoralna	litoralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litoralną	litoralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litoralną	litoralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litoralnego	litoralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litoralnego	litoralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litoralnej	litoralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litoralnej	litoralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litoralnej	litoralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litoralne	litoralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litoralne	litoralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litoralne	litoralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litoralne	litoralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litoralnemu	litoralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litoralni	litoralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litoralno	litoralny	adja		
litoralnych	litoralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litoralnych	litoralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litoralnych	litoralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litoralny	litoralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litoralny	litoralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litoralnymi	litoralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litoralnym	litoralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litoralnym	litoralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litoralnym	litoralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litosferach	litosfera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosfera	litosfera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferami	litosfera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferą	litosfera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferę	litosfera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosfer	litosfera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosfero	litosfera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferom	litosfera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosfery	litosfera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosfery	litosfera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosfery	litosfera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosfery	litosfera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferze	litosfera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferze	litosfera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferycznościach	litosferyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferycznościami	litosferyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferycznością	litosferyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczności	litosferyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferycznościom	litosferyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczność	litosferyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczność	litosferyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litosferyczna	litosferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litosferyczną	litosferyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litosferyczną	litosferyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litosferycznego	litosferyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litosferycznego	litosferyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litosferycznej	litosferyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litosferycznej	litosferyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litosferycznej	litosferyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litosferyczne	litosferyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litosferyczne	litosferyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litosferyczne	litosferyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litosferyczne	litosferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litosferycznemu	litosferyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litosferyczni	litosferyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litosferyczno	litosferyczny	adja		
litosferycznych	litosferyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litosferycznych	litosferyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litosferycznych	litosferyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litosferyczny	litosferyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litosferyczny	litosferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litosferycznymi	litosferyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litosferycznym	litosferyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litosferycznym	litosferyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litosferycznym	litosferyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litosnościach	litosność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosnościami	litosność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosnością	litosność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosności	litosność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosnościom	litosność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosność	litosność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosność	litosność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litosna	litosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
litosną	litosny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
litosną	litosny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
litosnego	litosny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
litosnego	litosny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
litosnej	litosny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
litosnej	litosny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
litosnej	litosny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
litosne	litosny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
litosne	litosny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
litosne	litosny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
litosne	litosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
litosnemu	litosny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
litosno	litosny	adja		przest.
litosnych	litosny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
litosnych	litosny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
litosnych	litosny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
litosny	litosny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
litosny	litosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
litosnymi	litosny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
litosnym	litosny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
litosnym	litosny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
litosnym	litosny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
litośniejsi	litosny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
litośniejsza	litosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszą	litosny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszą	litosny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszego	litosny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
litośniejszego	litosny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszej	litosny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszej	litosny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszej	litosny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litosny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litosny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litosny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszemu	litosny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszych	litosny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
litośniejszych	litosny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszych	litosny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszy	litosny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
litośniejszy	litosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
litośniejszymi	litosny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszym	litosny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszym	litosny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszym	litosny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośni	litosny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
litostratygrafiach	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafia	litostratygrafia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafiami	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafią	litostratygrafia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafie	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafie	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafie	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafię	litostratygrafia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafii	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litostratygrafii	litostratygrafia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafii	litostratygrafia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafii	litostratygrafia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafij	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litostratygrafio	litostratygrafia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litostratygrafiom	litostratygrafia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwiej	litościwie	adv:com		
litościwie	litościwie	adv:pos		
litościwościach	litościwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwościami	litościwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwością	litościwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwości	litościwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwościom	litościwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwość	litościwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwość	litościwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościwa	litościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litościwą	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litościwą	litościwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litościwego	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litościwego	litościwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litościwej	litościwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litościwej	litościwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litościwej	litościwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litościwe	litościwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litościwe	litościwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litościwe	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litościwe	litościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litościwemu	litościwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litościwi	litościwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litościwo	litościwy	adja		
litościwsi	litościwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
litościwsza	litościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
litościwszą	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
litościwszą	litościwy	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
litościwszego	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
litościwszego	litościwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
litościwszej	litościwy	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
litościwszej	litościwy	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
litościwszej	litościwy	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
litościwsze	litościwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
litościwsze	litościwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
litościwsze	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
litościwsze	litościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
litościwszemu	litościwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
litościwszych	litościwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
litościwszych	litościwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
litościwszych	litościwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
litościwszy	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
litościwszy	litościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
litościwszymi	litościwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
litościwszym	litościwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
litościwszym	litościwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
litościwszym	litościwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
litościwych	litościwy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litościwych	litościwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litościwych	litościwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litościwy	litościwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litościwy	litościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litościwymi	litościwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litościwym	litościwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litościwym	litościwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litościwym	litościwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litościach	litość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościami	litość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litością	litość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litości	litość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litościom	litość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litość	litość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litość	litość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litośniej	litośnie	adv:com		
litośnie	litośnie	adv:pos		przest.
litośnościach	litośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośnościami	litośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośnością	litośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośności	litośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośnościom	litośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośność	litośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośność	litośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litośna	litośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
litośną	litośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
litośną	litośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
litośnego	litośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
litośnego	litośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
litośnej	litośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
litośnej	litośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
litośnej	litośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
litośne	litośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
litośne	litośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
litośne	litośny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
litośne	litośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
litośnemu	litośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
litośniejsi	litośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
litośniejsza	litośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszą	litośny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszą	litośny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszego	litośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
litośniejszego	litośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszej	litośny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszej	litośny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
litośniejszej	litośny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litośny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejsze	litośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszemu	litośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszych	litośny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
litośniejszych	litośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszych	litośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszy	litośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
litośniejszy	litośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
litośniejszymi	litośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszym	litośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
litośniejszym	litośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośniejszym	litośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
litośni	litośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
litośno	litośny	adja		daw.
litośnych	litośny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
litośnych	litośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
litośnych	litośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
litośny	litośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
litośny	litośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
litośnymi	litośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
litośnym	litośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
litośnym	litośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
litośnym	litośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
litocie	litota	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litocie	litota	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotach	litota	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litota	litota	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotami	litota	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotą	litota	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotę	litota	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litot	litota	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoto	litota	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotom	litota	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoty	litota	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoty	litota	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoty	litota	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litoty	litota	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionach	litotamnion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionami	litotamnion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionem	litotamnion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionie	litotamnion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionie	litotamnion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnion	litotamnion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnion	litotamnion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionom	litotamnion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionowi	litotamnion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionów	litotamnion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnionu	litotamnion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamniony	litotamnion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamniony	litotamnion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamniony	litotamnion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotamniach	litotamnium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnia	litotamnium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnia	litotamnium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnia	litotamnium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamniami	litotamnium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamniom	litotamnium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamniów	litotamnium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnium	litotamnium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnium	litotamnium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnium	litotamnium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnium	litotamnium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnium	litotamnium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnium	litotamnium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotamnium	litotamnium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotes	litotes	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
litotomiach	litotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomia	litotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomiami	litotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomią	litotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomie	litotomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomie	litotomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomie	litotomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomię	litotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomii	litotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litotomii	litotomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomii	litotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomii	litotomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomij	litotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litotomio	litotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotomiom	litotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsjach	litotrypsja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsja	litotrypsja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsjami	litotrypsja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsją	litotrypsja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsje	litotrypsja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsje	litotrypsja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsje	litotrypsja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsję	litotrypsja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsji	litotrypsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litotrypsji	litotrypsja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsji	litotrypsja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsji	litotrypsja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsjo	litotrypsja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsjom	litotrypsja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litotrypsyj	litotrypsja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litotryptorach	litotryptor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptora	litotryptor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptorami	litotryptor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptorem	litotryptor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptor	litotryptor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptor	litotryptor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptorom	litotryptor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptorowi	litotryptor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptorów	litotryptor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptory	litotryptor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptory	litotryptor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptory	litotryptor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptorze	litotryptor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litotryptorze	litotryptor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litować	litować:v1	inf:imperf		
litowaliby	litować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
litowalibyście	litować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
litowalibyśmy	litować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
litowali	litować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
litowali	litować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
litowaliście	litować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
litowaliśmy	litować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
litowałaby	litować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
litowałabym	litować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
litowałabyś	litować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
litowała	litować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
litowała	litować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
litowałam	litować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
litowałaś	litować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
litowałby	litować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
litowałbym	litować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
litowałbyś	litować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
litowałem	litować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
litowałeś	litować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
litował	litować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
litował	litować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
litowałoby	litować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
litowałobym	litować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
litowałobyś	litować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
litowało	litować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
litowało	litować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
litowałom	litować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
litowałoś	litować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
litowałyby	litować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
litowałybyście	litować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
litowałybyśmy	litować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
litowały	litować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
litowały	litować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
litowałyście	litować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
litowałyśmy	litować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
litowaniach	litować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowania	litować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowania	litować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniami	litować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litowanie	litować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniem	litować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniom	litować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniu	litować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowano	litować:v1	imps:imperf		
litowań	litować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litująca	litować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litującą	litować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litującego	litować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litującego	litować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litującej	litować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litujące	litować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litujące	litować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litującemu	litować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litując	litować:v1	pcon:imperf		
litująco	litować:v1	pacta		
litujących	litować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litujących	litować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litujący	litować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litujący	litować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litujący	litować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litującymi	litować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litującym	litować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litującym	litować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litują	litować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
litujcie	litować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
litujecie	litować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lituje	litować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
litujemy	litować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
litujesz	litować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lituję	litować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lituj	litować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
litujmy	litować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
litować	litować:v2	inf:imperf		daw.
litowaliby	litować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
litowalibyście	litować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
litowalibyśmy	litować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
litowali	litować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
litowali	litować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
litowaliście	litować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
litowaliśmy	litować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
litowałaby	litować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałabym	litować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
litowałabyś	litować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
litowała	litować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
litowała	litować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałam	litować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
litowałaś	litować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
litowałby	litować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałbym	litować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
litowałbyś	litować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
litowałem	litować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
litowałeś	litować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
litował	litować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
litował	litować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałoby	litować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałobym	litować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
litowałobyś	litować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
litowało	litować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
litowało	litować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałom	litować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
litowałoś	litować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
litowałyby	litować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałybyście	litować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
litowałybyśmy	litować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
litowały	litować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
litowały	litować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
litowałyście	litować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
litowałyśmy	litować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
litowana	litować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litowaną	litować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litowanego	litować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litowanego	litować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litowanej	litować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litowane	litować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litowane	litować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litowanemu	litować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniach	litować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowania	litować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowania	litować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniami	litować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litowanie	litować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniem	litować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litowani	litować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litowaniom	litować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
litowaniu	litować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litowano	litować:v2	imps:imperf		daw.
litowanych	litować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litowanych	litować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litowany	litować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litowany	litować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litowanymi	litować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litowanym	litować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litowanym	litować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litowań	litować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litująca	litować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litującą	litować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litującego	litować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litującego	litować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litującej	litować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litujące	litować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litujące	litować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litującemu	litować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litując	litować:v2	pcon:imperf		daw.
litująco	litować:v2	pacta		
litujących	litować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litujących	litować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litujący	litować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litujący	litować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litujący	litować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litującymi	litować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litującym	litować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litującym	litować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litują	litować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
litujcie	litować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
litujecie	litować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lituje	litować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
litujemy	litować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
litujesz	litować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lituję	litować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lituj	litować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
litujmy	litować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
litowcach	litowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowca	litowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowcami	litowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowce	litowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowce	litowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowce	litowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowcem	litowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowcom	litowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowcowi	litowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowców	litowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowcu	litowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowcu	litowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowiec	litowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowiec	litowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowościach	litowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowościami	litowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowością	litowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowości	litowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowościom	litowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowość	litowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowość	litowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litowa	litowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litową	litowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litową	litowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litowego	litowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litowego	litowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litowej	litowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litowej	litowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litowej	litowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litowe	litowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litowe	litowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litowe	litowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litowe	litowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litowemu	litowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litowi	litowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litowo	litowy	adja		
litowych	litowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litowych	litowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litowych	litowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litowy	litowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litowy	litowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litowymi	litowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litowym	litowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litowym	litowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litowym	litowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litrach	litr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litra	litr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrami	litr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrem	litr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litr	litr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litr	litr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrom	litr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrowi	litr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrów	litr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litry	litr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litry	litr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litry	litr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrze	litr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrze	litr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
l	litr	brev:npun		
liter	litra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrach	litra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litra	litra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrami	litra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrą	litra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrę	litra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litro	litra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrom	litra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litry	litra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litry	litra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litry	litra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litry	litra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrze	litra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrze	litra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litrażach	litraż	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrażami	litraż	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litraże	litraż	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litraże	litraż	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litraże	litraż	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrażem	litraż	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litraż	litraż	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litraż	litraż	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrażom	litraż	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrażowi	litraż	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrażu	litraż	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrażu	litraż	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litrażu	litraż	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litraży	litraż	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosferach	litroatmosfera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosfera	litroatmosfera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosferami	litroatmosfera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosferą	litroatmosfera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosferę	litroatmosfera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosfer	litroatmosfera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosfero	litroatmosfera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosferom	litroatmosfera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosfery	litroatmosfera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosfery	litroatmosfera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosfery	litroatmosfera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosfery	litroatmosfera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosferze	litroatmosfera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litroatmosferze	litroatmosfera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowościach	litrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowościami	litrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowością	litrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowości	litrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowościom	litrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowość	litrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowość	litrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litrowa	litrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litrową	litrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litrową	litrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litrowego	litrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litrowego	litrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litrowej	litrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litrowej	litrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litrowej	litrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litrowe	litrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litrowe	litrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litrowe	litrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litrowe	litrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litrowemu	litrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litrowi	litrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litrowo	litrowy	adja		
litrowych	litrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litrowych	litrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litrowych	litrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litrowy	litrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litrowy	litrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litrowymi	litrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litrowym	litrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litrowym	litrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litrowym	litrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litrówce	litrówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówce	litrówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówek	litrówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówkach	litrówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówka	litrówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówkami	litrówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówką	litrówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówkę	litrówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówki	litrówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówki	litrówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówki	litrówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówki	litrówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówko	litrówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
litrówkom	litrówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
licie	lit:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licie	lit:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litach	lit:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litami	lit:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litem	lit:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lit	lit:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lit	lit:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litom	lit:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litowi	lit:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litów	lit:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litu	lit:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lity	lit:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lity	lit:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lity	lit:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
licie	lit:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
licie	lit:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litach	lit:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lita	lit:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lita	lit:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litami	lit:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litem	lit:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lit	lit:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litom	lit:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litowi	lit:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litów	lit:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lity	lit:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lity	lit:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lity	lit:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistach	lituanista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanista	lituanista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistami	lituanista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistą	lituanista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistę	lituanista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanisto	lituanista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistom	lituanista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistów	lituanista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistów	lituanista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanisty	lituanista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lituanisty	lituanista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lituanisty	lituanista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituaniście	lituanista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituaniście	lituanista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituaniści	lituanista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituaniści	lituanista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistycznościach	lituanistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistycznościami	lituanistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistycznością	lituanistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczności	lituanistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistycznościom	lituanistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczność	lituanistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczność	lituanistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyczna	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lituanistyczną	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lituanistyczną	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lituanistycznego	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lituanistycznego	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanistycznej	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lituanistycznej	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lituanistycznej	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lituanistyczne	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lituanistyczne	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lituanistyczne	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lituanistyczne	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lituanistycznemu	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanistyczni	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lituanistyczno	lituanistyczny	adja		
lituanistycznych	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lituanistycznych	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanistycznych	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanistyczny	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lituanistyczny	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lituanistycznymi	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanistycznym	lituanistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanistycznym	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanistycznym	lituanistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanistyce	lituanistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyce	lituanistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistykach	lituanistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyka	lituanistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistykami	lituanistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyką	lituanistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistykę	lituanistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyki	lituanistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyki	lituanistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyki	lituanistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyki	lituanistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyk	lituanistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistyko	lituanistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanistykom	lituanistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacjach	lituanizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacja	lituanizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacjami	lituanizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacją	lituanizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacje	lituanizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacje	lituanizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacje	lituanizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizację	lituanizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacji	lituanizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lituanizacji	lituanizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacji	lituanizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacji	lituanizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacjo	lituanizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacjom	lituanizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyj	lituanizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lituanizacyjnościach	lituanizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjnościami	lituanizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjnością	lituanizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjności	lituanizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjnościom	lituanizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjność	lituanizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjność	lituanizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizacyjna	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lituanizacyjną	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lituanizacyjną	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lituanizacyjnego	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lituanizacyjnego	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanizacyjnej	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lituanizacyjnej	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lituanizacyjnej	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lituanizacyjne	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lituanizacyjne	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lituanizacyjne	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lituanizacyjne	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lituanizacyjnemu	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanizacyjni	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lituanizacyjno	lituanizacyjny	adja		
lituanizacyjnych	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lituanizacyjnych	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanizacyjnych	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanizacyjny	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lituanizacyjny	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lituanizacyjnymi	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanizacyjnym	lituanizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lituanizacyjnym	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanizacyjnym	lituanizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lituanizmach	lituanizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmami	lituanizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmem	lituanizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmie	lituanizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmie	lituanizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizm	lituanizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizm	lituanizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmom	lituanizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmowi	lituanizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmów	lituanizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmu	lituanizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmy	lituanizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmy	lituanizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizmy	lituanizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lituanizować	lituanizować	inf:imperf		
lituanizowaliby	lituanizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lituanizowalibyście	lituanizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lituanizowalibyśmy	lituanizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lituanizowali	lituanizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lituanizowali	lituanizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lituanizowaliście	lituanizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lituanizowaliśmy	lituanizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lituanizowałaby	lituanizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałabym	lituanizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lituanizowałabyś	lituanizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lituanizowała	lituanizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lituanizowała	lituanizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałam	lituanizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lituanizowałaś	lituanizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lituanizowałby	lituanizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałbym	lituanizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lituanizowałbyś	lituanizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lituanizowałem	lituanizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lituanizowałeś	lituanizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lituanizował	lituanizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lituanizował	lituanizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałoby	lituanizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałobym	lituanizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lituanizowałobyś	lituanizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lituanizowało	lituanizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lituanizowało	lituanizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałom	lituanizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lituanizowałoś	lituanizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lituanizowałyby	lituanizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałybyście	lituanizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lituanizowałybyśmy	lituanizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lituanizowały	lituanizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lituanizowały	lituanizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lituanizowałyście	lituanizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lituanizowałyśmy	lituanizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lituanizowana	lituanizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lituanizowaną	lituanizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanego	lituanizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanego	lituanizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanej	lituanizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lituanizowane	lituanizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizowane	lituanizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanemu	lituanizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowaniach	lituanizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowania	lituanizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowania	lituanizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowaniami	lituanizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanie	lituanizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowaniem	lituanizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowani	lituanizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lituanizowaniom	lituanizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowaniu	lituanizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowano	lituanizować	imps:imperf		
lituanizowanych	lituanizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanych	lituanizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizowany	lituanizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lituanizowany	lituanizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanymi	lituanizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanym	lituanizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizowanym	lituanizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizowań	lituanizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizująca	lituanizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lituanizującą	lituanizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lituanizującego	lituanizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lituanizującego	lituanizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizującej	lituanizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lituanizujące	lituanizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizujące	lituanizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizującemu	lituanizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizując	lituanizować	pcon:imperf		
lituanizująco	lituanizować	pacta		
lituanizujących	lituanizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lituanizujących	lituanizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizujący	lituanizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lituanizujący	lituanizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lituanizujący	lituanizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lituanizującymi	lituanizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizującym	lituanizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lituanizującym	lituanizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lituanizują	lituanizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lituanizujcie	lituanizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lituanizujecie	lituanizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lituanizuje	lituanizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lituanizujemy	lituanizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lituanizujesz	lituanizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lituanizuję	lituanizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lituanizuj	lituanizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lituanizujmy	lituanizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liturgiach	liturgia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgia	liturgia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiami	liturgia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgią	liturgia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgie	liturgia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgie	liturgia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgie	liturgia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgię	liturgia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgii	liturgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
liturgii	liturgia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgii	liturgia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgii	liturgia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgij	liturgia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
liturgio	liturgia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiom	liturgia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgicznie	liturgicznie	adv:pos		
liturgicznościach	liturgiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgicznościami	liturgiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgicznością	liturgiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczności	liturgiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgicznościom	liturgiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczność	liturgiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczność	liturgiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiczna	liturgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liturgiczną	liturgiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liturgiczną	liturgiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liturgicznego	liturgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liturgicznego	liturgiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgicznej	liturgiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liturgicznej	liturgiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liturgicznej	liturgiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liturgiczne	liturgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liturgiczne	liturgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liturgiczne	liturgiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liturgiczne	liturgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liturgicznemu	liturgiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgiczni	liturgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liturgiczno	liturgiczny	adja		
liturgicznych	liturgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liturgicznych	liturgiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgicznych	liturgiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgiczny	liturgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liturgiczny	liturgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liturgicznymi	liturgiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgicznym	liturgiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgicznym	liturgiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgicznym	liturgiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgijnościach	liturgijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijnościami	liturgijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijnością	liturgijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijności	liturgijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijnościom	liturgijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijność	liturgijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijność	liturgijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgijna	liturgijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liturgijną	liturgijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liturgijną	liturgijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liturgijnego	liturgijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liturgijnego	liturgijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgijnej	liturgijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liturgijnej	liturgijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liturgijnej	liturgijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liturgijne	liturgijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liturgijne	liturgijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liturgijne	liturgijny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liturgijne	liturgijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liturgijnemu	liturgijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgijni	liturgijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liturgijno	liturgijny	adja		
liturgijnych	liturgijny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liturgijnych	liturgijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgijnych	liturgijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgijny	liturgijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liturgijny	liturgijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liturgijnymi	liturgijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgijnym	liturgijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liturgijnym	liturgijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgijnym	liturgijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liturgice	liturgika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgice	liturgika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgikach	liturgika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgika	liturgika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgikami	liturgika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiką	liturgika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgikę	liturgika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiki	liturgika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiki	liturgika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiki	liturgika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiki	liturgika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgik	liturgika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiko	liturgika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgikom	liturgika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liturgistach	liturgista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgista	liturgista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgistami	liturgista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgistą	liturgista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgistę	liturgista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgisto	liturgista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgistom	liturgista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgistów	liturgista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgistów	liturgista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgisty	liturgista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liturgisty	liturgista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liturgisty	liturgista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiście	liturgista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiście	liturgista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiści	liturgista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
liturgiści	liturgista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwach	litwa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwa	litwa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwami	litwa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwą	litwa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwę	litwa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwie	litwa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwie	litwa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litw	litwa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwo	litwa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwom	litwa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwy	litwa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwy	litwa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwy	litwa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwy	litwa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
litwaccy	litwacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litwacka	litwacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litwacką	litwacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litwacką	litwacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litwackich	litwacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litwackich	litwacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litwackich	litwacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litwackiego	litwacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litwackiego	litwacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litwackiej	litwacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litwackiej	litwacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litwackiej	litwacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litwackie	litwacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litwackie	litwacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litwackie	litwacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litwackie	litwacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litwackiemu	litwacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litwacki	litwacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litwacki	litwacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litwackimi	litwacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litwackim	litwacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litwackim	litwacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litwackim	litwacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litwacko	litwacki	adja		
litwacku	litwacki	adjp		
litwacko	litwacko	adv:pos		
litwackościach	litwackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackościami	litwackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackością	litwackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackości	litwackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackościom	litwackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackość	litwackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwackość	litwackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwacy	litwak	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwacy	litwak	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwakach	litwak	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwaka	litwak	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwaka	litwak	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwakami	litwak	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwakiem	litwak	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwaki	litwak	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litwaki	litwak	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
litwak	litwak	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwakom	litwak	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwakowi	litwak	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwaków	litwak	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwaków	litwak	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwaku	litwak	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwaku	litwak	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacjach	litwinizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacja	litwinizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacjami	litwinizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacją	litwinizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacje	litwinizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacje	litwinizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacje	litwinizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizację	litwinizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacji	litwinizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
litwinizacji	litwinizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacji	litwinizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacji	litwinizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacjo	litwinizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacjom	litwinizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litwinizacyj	litwinizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
litwinizować	litwinizować	inf:imperf		
litwinizowaliby	litwinizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
litwinizowalibyście	litwinizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
litwinizowalibyśmy	litwinizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
litwinizowali	litwinizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
litwinizowali	litwinizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
litwinizowaliście	litwinizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
litwinizowaliśmy	litwinizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
litwinizowałaby	litwinizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałabym	litwinizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
litwinizowałabyś	litwinizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
litwinizowała	litwinizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
litwinizowała	litwinizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałam	litwinizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
litwinizowałaś	litwinizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
litwinizowałby	litwinizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałbym	litwinizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
litwinizowałbyś	litwinizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
litwinizowałem	litwinizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
litwinizowałeś	litwinizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
litwinizował	litwinizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
litwinizował	litwinizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałoby	litwinizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałobym	litwinizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
litwinizowałobyś	litwinizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
litwinizowało	litwinizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
litwinizowało	litwinizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałom	litwinizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
litwinizowałoś	litwinizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
litwinizowałyby	litwinizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałybyście	litwinizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
litwinizowałybyśmy	litwinizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
litwinizowały	litwinizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
litwinizowały	litwinizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
litwinizowałyście	litwinizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
litwinizowałyśmy	litwinizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
litwinizowana	litwinizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litwinizowaną	litwinizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanego	litwinizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanego	litwinizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanej	litwinizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litwinizowane	litwinizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizowane	litwinizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanemu	litwinizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowaniach	litwinizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowania	litwinizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowania	litwinizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowaniami	litwinizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanie	litwinizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowaniem	litwinizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowani	litwinizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litwinizowaniom	litwinizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowaniu	litwinizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowano	litwinizować	imps:imperf		
litwinizowanych	litwinizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanych	litwinizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizowany	litwinizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litwinizowany	litwinizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanymi	litwinizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanym	litwinizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizowanym	litwinizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizowań	litwinizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizująca	litwinizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litwinizującą	litwinizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litwinizującego	litwinizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litwinizującego	litwinizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizującej	litwinizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litwinizujące	litwinizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizujące	litwinizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizującemu	litwinizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizując	litwinizować	pcon:imperf		
litwinizująco	litwinizować	pacta		
litwinizujących	litwinizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litwinizujących	litwinizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizujący	litwinizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litwinizujący	litwinizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litwinizujący	litwinizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litwinizującymi	litwinizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizującym	litwinizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litwinizującym	litwinizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litwinizują	litwinizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
litwinizujcie	litwinizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
litwinizujecie	litwinizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
litwinizuje	litwinizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
litwinizujemy	litwinizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
litwinizujesz	litwinizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
litwinizuję	litwinizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
litwinizuj	litwinizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
litwinizujmy	litwinizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
litworach	litwor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworami	litwor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworem	litwor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litwor	litwor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litwor	litwor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworom	litwor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworowi	litwor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworów	litwor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworu	litwor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litwory	litwor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litwory	litwor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litwory	litwor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworze	litwor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworze	litwor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
litworowościach	litworowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowościami	litworowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowością	litworowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowości	litworowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowościom	litworowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowość	litworowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowość	litworowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
litworowa	litworowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litworową	litworowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litworową	litworowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litworowego	litworowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litworowego	litworowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litworowej	litworowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litworowej	litworowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litworowej	litworowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
litworowe	litworowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litworowe	litworowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
litworowe	litworowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
litworowe	litworowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litworowemu	litworowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litworowi	litworowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
litworowo	litworowy	adja		
litworowych	litworowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litworowych	litworowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litworowych	litworowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litworowy	litworowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
litworowy	litworowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litworowymi	litworowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litworowym	litworowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litworowym	litworowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litworowym	litworowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lici	lity	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lita	lity	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
litą	lity	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
litą	lity	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litego	lity	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litego	lity	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litej	lity	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litej	lity	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litej	lity	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lite	lity	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lite	lity	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lite	lity	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lite	lity	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litemu	lity	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lito	lity	adja		
litych	lity	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litych	lity	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litych	lity	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lity	lity	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lity	lity	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litymi	lity	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litym	lity	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litym	lity	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litym	lity	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litycznie	litycznie	adv:pos		
litycznościach	lityczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litycznościami	lityczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
litycznością	lityczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczności	lityczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
litycznościom	lityczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczność	lityczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczność	lityczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lityczna	lityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lityczną	lityczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lityczną	lityczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
litycznego	lityczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
litycznego	lityczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litycznej	lityczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
litycznej	lityczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
litycznej	lityczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lityczne	lityczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lityczne	lityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lityczne	lityczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lityczne	lityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
litycznemu	lityczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lityczni	lityczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lityczno	lityczny	adja		
litycznych	lityczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
litycznych	lityczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litycznych	lityczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lityczny	lityczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lityczny	lityczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
litycznymi	lityczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litycznym	lityczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
litycznym	lityczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litycznym	lityczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
litygancie	litygant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygancie	litygant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lityganci	litygant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lityganci	litygant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygantach	litygant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lityganta	litygant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lityganta	litygant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygantami	litygant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygantem	litygant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygant	litygant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygantom	litygant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygantowi	litygant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygantów	litygant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygantów	litygant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lityganty	litygant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lityganty	litygant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
litygować	litygować	inf:imperf		daw.
litygowaliby	litygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowalibyście	litygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowalibyśmy	litygować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowali	litygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
litygowali	litygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowaliście	litygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowaliśmy	litygować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowałaby	litygować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałabym	litygować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowałabyś	litygować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowała	litygować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
litygowała	litygować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałam	litygować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowałaś	litygować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowałby	litygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałbym	litygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowałbyś	litygować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowałem	litygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowałeś	litygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
litygował	litygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
litygował	litygować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałoby	litygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałobym	litygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowałobyś	litygować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowało	litygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
litygowało	litygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałom	litygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowałoś	litygować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowałyby	litygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałybyście	litygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowałybyśmy	litygować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowały	litygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
litygowały	litygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
litygowałyście	litygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
litygowałyśmy	litygować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
litygowaniach	litygować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowania	litygować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowania	litygować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowaniami	litygować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowanie	litygować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowaniem	litygować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowaniom	litygować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowaniu	litygować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
litygowano	litygować	imps:imperf		daw.
litygowań	litygować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
litygująca	litygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
litygującą	litygować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
litygującego	litygować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
litygującego	litygować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litygującej	litygować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
litygujące	litygować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litygujące	litygować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litygującemu	litygować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litygując	litygować	pcon:imperf		daw.
litygująco	litygować	pacta		
litygujących	litygować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litygujących	litygować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litygujący	litygować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
litygujący	litygować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
litygujący	litygować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
litygującymi	litygować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litygującym	litygować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
litygującym	litygować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
litygują	litygować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
litygujcie	litygować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
litygujecie	litygować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lityguje	litygować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
litygujemy	litygować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
litygujesz	litygować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lityguję	litygować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lityguj	litygować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
litygujmy	litygować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
litynach	lityn	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynami	lityn	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynem	lityn	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynie	lityn	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynie	lityn	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lityn	lityn	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lityn	lityn	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynom	lityn	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynowi	lityn	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynów	lityn	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
litynu	lityn	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lityny	lityn	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lityny	lityn	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lityny	lityn	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
liverpoolscy	liverpoolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liverpoolska	liverpoolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liverpoolską	liverpoolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liverpoolską	liverpoolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liverpoolskich	liverpoolski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liverpoolskich	liverpoolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liverpoolskich	liverpoolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liverpoolskiego	liverpoolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liverpoolskiego	liverpoolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liverpoolskiej	liverpoolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liverpoolskiej	liverpoolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liverpoolskiej	liverpoolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liverpoolskie	liverpoolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liverpoolskie	liverpoolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liverpoolskie	liverpoolski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liverpoolskie	liverpoolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liverpoolskiemu	liverpoolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liverpoolski	liverpoolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liverpoolski	liverpoolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liverpoolskimi	liverpoolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liverpoolskim	liverpoolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liverpoolskim	liverpoolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liverpoolskim	liverpoolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liverpoolsko	liverpoolski	adja		
liverpoolsku	liverpoolski	adjp		
liverpoolsko	liverpoolsko	adv:pos		
liverpoolskościach	liverpoolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskościami	liverpoolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskością	liverpoolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskości	liverpoolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskościom	liverpoolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskość	liverpoolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liverpoolskość	liverpoolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwarach	liwar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwara	liwar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwarami	liwar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwarem	liwar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwar	liwar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwar	liwar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwarom	liwar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwarowi	liwar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwarów	liwar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwary	liwar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwary	liwar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwary	liwar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwarze	liwar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwarze	liwar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerancie	liwerant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerancie	liwerant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liweranci	liwerant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liweranci	liwerant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantach	liwerant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liweranta	liwerant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liweranta	liwerant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantami	liwerant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantem	liwerant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerant	liwerant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantom	liwerant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantowi	liwerant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantów	liwerant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantów	liwerant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liweranty	liwerant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liweranty	liwerant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantce	liwerantka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantce	liwerantka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantek	liwerantka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantkach	liwerantka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantka	liwerantka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantkami	liwerantka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantką	liwerantka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantkę	liwerantka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantki	liwerantka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantki	liwerantka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantki	liwerantka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantki	liwerantka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantko	liwerantka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerantkom	liwerantka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunek	liwerunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunek	liwerunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkach	liwerunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkami	liwerunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkiem	liwerunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunki	liwerunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunki	liwerunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunki	liwerunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkom	liwerunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowi	liwerunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunków	liwerunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunku	liwerunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunku	liwerunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunku	liwerunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowościach	liwerunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowościami	liwerunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowością	liwerunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowości	liwerunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowościom	liwerunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowość	liwerunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowość	liwerunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liwerunkowa	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
liwerunkową	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
liwerunkową	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
liwerunkowego	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
liwerunkowego	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liwerunkowej	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
liwerunkowej	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
liwerunkowej	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
liwerunkowe	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowe	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowe	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
liwerunkowe	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
liwerunkowemu	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liwerunkowi	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
liwerunkowo	liwerunkowy	adja		daw.
liwerunkowych	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
liwerunkowych	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowych	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowy	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowy	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowymi	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowym	liwerunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
liwerunkowym	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liwerunkowym	liwerunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
liwistoniach	liwistonia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonia	liwistonia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistoniami	liwistonia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonią	liwistonia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonie	liwistonia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonie	liwistonia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonie	liwistonia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonię	liwistonia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonii	liwistonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
liwistonii	liwistonia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonii	liwistonia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonii	liwistonia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistonij	liwistonia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
liwistonio	liwistonia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwistoniom	liwistonia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liworyzować	liworyzować	inf:imperf		
liworyzowaliby	liworyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liworyzowalibyście	liworyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liworyzowalibyśmy	liworyzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liworyzowali	liworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
liworyzowali	liworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
liworyzowaliście	liworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
liworyzowaliśmy	liworyzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
liworyzowałaby	liworyzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałabym	liworyzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liworyzowałabyś	liworyzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liworyzowała	liworyzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
liworyzowała	liworyzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałam	liworyzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
liworyzowałaś	liworyzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
liworyzowałby	liworyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałbym	liworyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liworyzowałbyś	liworyzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liworyzowałem	liworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
liworyzowałeś	liworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
liworyzował	liworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
liworyzował	liworyzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałoby	liworyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałobym	liworyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liworyzowałobyś	liworyzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liworyzowało	liworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
liworyzowało	liworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałom	liworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
liworyzowałoś	liworyzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
liworyzowałyby	liworyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałybyście	liworyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liworyzowałybyśmy	liworyzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liworyzowały	liworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
liworyzowały	liworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
liworyzowałyście	liworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
liworyzowałyśmy	liworyzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
liworyzowana	liworyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liworyzowaną	liworyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanego	liworyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanego	liworyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanej	liworyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liworyzowane	liworyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzowane	liworyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanemu	liworyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowaniach	liworyzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowania	liworyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowania	liworyzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowaniami	liworyzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanie	liworyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowaniem	liworyzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowani	liworyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liworyzowaniom	liworyzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowaniu	liworyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowano	liworyzować	imps:imperf		
liworyzowanych	liworyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanych	liworyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzowany	liworyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liworyzowany	liworyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanymi	liworyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanym	liworyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzowanym	liworyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzowań	liworyzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzująca	liworyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liworyzującą	liworyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liworyzującego	liworyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liworyzującego	liworyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzującej	liworyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liworyzujące	liworyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzujące	liworyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzującemu	liworyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzując	liworyzować	pcon:imperf		
liworyzująco	liworyzować	pacta		
liworyzujących	liworyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liworyzujących	liworyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzujący	liworyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liworyzujący	liworyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liworyzujący	liworyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liworyzującymi	liworyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzującym	liworyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liworyzującym	liworyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liworyzują	liworyzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liworyzujcie	liworyzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liworyzujecie	liworyzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liworyzuje	liworyzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liworyzujemy	liworyzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liworyzujesz	liworyzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liworyzuję	liworyzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liworyzuj	liworyzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liworyzujmy	liworyzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liwrach	liwr	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwra	liwr	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwra	liwr	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwrami	liwr	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwrem	liwr	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwr	liwr	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwrom	liwr	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwrowi	liwr	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwrów	liwr	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwry	liwr	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwry	liwr	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwry	liwr	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwrze	liwr	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwrze	liwr	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
liwscy	liwski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
liwska	liwski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
liwską	liwski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
liwską	liwski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
liwskich	liwski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
liwskich	liwski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liwskich	liwski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liwskiego	liwski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
liwskiego	liwski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liwskiej	liwski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
liwskiej	liwski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
liwskiej	liwski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
liwskie	liwski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liwskie	liwski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
liwskie	liwski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
liwskie	liwski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
liwskiemu	liwski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liwski	liwski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
liwski	liwski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
liwskimi	liwski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liwskim	liwski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
liwskim	liwski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liwskim	liwski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
liwsko	liwski	adja		
liwsku	liwski	adjp		
liwsko	liwsko	adv:pos		
liwskościach	liwskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskościami	liwskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskością	liwskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskości	liwskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskościom	liwskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskość	liwskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
liwskość	liwskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczach	lizacz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizacza	lizacz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizacza	lizacz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczami	lizacz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizacze	lizacz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizacze	lizacz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizacze	lizacz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizacze	lizacz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczem	lizacz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizacz	lizacz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczom	lizacz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczowi	lizacz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczów	lizacz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczów	lizacz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczu	lizacz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczu	lizacz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczy	lizacz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczy	lizacz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizaczek	lizaczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczek	lizaczek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczek	lizaczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczkach	lizaczek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczkach	lizaczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczka	lizaczek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczka	lizaczek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczka	lizaczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczkami	lizaczek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczkami	lizaczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczkiem	lizaczek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczkiem	lizaczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczki	lizaczek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczki	lizaczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczki	lizaczek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczki	lizaczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczki	lizaczek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczki	lizaczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczkom	lizaczek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczkom	lizaczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczkowi	lizaczek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczkowi	lizaczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczków	lizaczek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczków	lizaczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczku	lizaczek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczku	lizaczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaczku	lizaczek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaczku	lizaczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizać	lizać	inf:imperf		
lizaliby	lizać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizalibyście	lizać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizalibyśmy	lizać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizali	lizać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lizali	lizać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizaliście	lizać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizaliśmy	lizać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizałaby	lizać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizałabym	lizać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizałabyś	lizać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizała	lizać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lizała	lizać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizałam	lizać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizałaś	lizać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizałby	lizać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizałbym	lizać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizałbyś	lizać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizałem	lizać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizałeś	lizać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizał	lizać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lizał	lizać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizałoby	lizać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizałobym	lizać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizałobyś	lizać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizało	lizać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lizało	lizać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizałom	lizać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizałoś	lizać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizałyby	lizać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizałybyście	lizać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizałybyśmy	lizać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizały	lizać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lizały	lizać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizałyście	lizać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizałyśmy	lizać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizana	lizać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lizaną	lizać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lizanego	lizać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lizanego	lizać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizanej	lizać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lizane	lizać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizane	lizać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizanemu	lizać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizaniach	lizać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizania	lizać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizania	lizać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lizaniami	lizać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizanie	lizać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizaniem	lizać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizani	lizać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizaniom	lizać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lizaniu	lizać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizano	lizać	imps:imperf		
lizanych	lizać	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizanych	lizać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizany	lizać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lizany	lizać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lizanymi	lizać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizanym	lizać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizanym	lizać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizań	lizać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
liżąca	lizać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
liżącą	lizać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
liżącego	lizać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
liżącego	lizać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liżącej	lizać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
liżące	lizać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liżące	lizać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liżącemu	lizać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liżąc	lizać	pcon:imperf		
liżąco	lizać	pacta		
liżących	lizać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liżących	lizać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liżący	lizać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
liżący	lizać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
liżący	lizać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
liżącymi	lizać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liżącym	lizać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
liżącym	lizać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liżą	lizać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
liżcie	lizać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
liżecie	lizać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
liże	lizać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
liżemy	lizać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
liżesz	lizać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
liżę	lizać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
liż	lizać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
liżmy	lizać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lizakach	lizak	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizakach	lizak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaka	lizak	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaka	lizak	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaka	lizak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizakami	lizak	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizakami	lizak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizakiem	lizak	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizakiem	lizak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaki	lizak	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaki	lizak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaki	lizak	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaki	lizak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaki	lizak	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaki	lizak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizak	lizak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizak	lizak	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizak	lizak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizakom	lizak	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizakom	lizak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizakowi	lizak	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizakowi	lizak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaków	lizak	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaków	lizak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaku	lizak	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaku	lizak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaku	lizak	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizaku	lizak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizaninach	lizanina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizanina	lizanina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaninami	lizanina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaniną	lizanina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaninę	lizanina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaninie	lizanina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaninie	lizanina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizanin	lizanina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizanino	lizanina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaninom	lizanina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaniny	lizanina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaniny	lizanina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaniny	lizanina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizaniny	lizanina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawce	lizawka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawce	lizawka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawek	lizawka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkach	lizawka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawka	lizawka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkami	lizawka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawką	lizawka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkę	lizawka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawki	lizawka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawki	lizawka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawki	lizawka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawki	lizawka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawko	lizawka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkom	lizawka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowościach	lizawkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowościami	lizawkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowością	lizawkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowości	lizawkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowościom	lizawkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowość	lizawkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowość	lizawkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawkowa	lizawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lizawkową	lizawkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lizawkową	lizawkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lizawkowego	lizawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lizawkowego	lizawkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizawkowej	lizawkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lizawkowej	lizawkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lizawkowej	lizawkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lizawkowe	lizawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizawkowe	lizawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizawkowe	lizawkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lizawkowe	lizawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lizawkowemu	lizawkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizawkowi	lizawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lizawkowo	lizawkowy	adja		
lizawkowych	lizawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lizawkowych	lizawkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawkowych	lizawkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawkowy	lizawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lizawkowy	lizawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lizawkowymi	lizawkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawkowym	lizawkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawkowym	lizawkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizawkowym	lizawkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizawościach	lizawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawościami	lizawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawością	lizawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawości	lizawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawościom	lizawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawość	lizawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawość	lizawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizawa	lizawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lizawą	lizawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lizawą	lizawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lizawego	lizawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lizawego	lizawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizawej	lizawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lizawej	lizawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lizawej	lizawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lizawe	lizawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizawe	lizawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizawe	lizawy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lizawe	lizawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lizawemu	lizawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizawi	lizawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lizawo	lizawy	adja		
lizawych	lizawy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lizawych	lizawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawych	lizawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawy	lizawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lizawy	lizawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lizawymi	lizawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawym	lizawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizawym	lizawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizawym	lizawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizbońscy	lizboński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lizbońska	lizboński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lizbońską	lizboński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lizbońską	lizboński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lizbońskich	lizboński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lizbońskich	lizboński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizbońskich	lizboński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizbońskiego	lizboński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lizbońskiego	lizboński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizbońskiej	lizboński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lizbońskiej	lizboński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lizbońskiej	lizboński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lizbońskie	lizboński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizbońskie	lizboński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizbońskie	lizboński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lizbońskie	lizboński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lizbońskiemu	lizboński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizboński	lizboński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lizboński	lizboński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lizbońskimi	lizboński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizbońskim	lizboński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizbońskim	lizboński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizbońskim	lizboński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizbońsko	lizboński	adja		
lizbońsku	lizboński	adjp		
lizbońsko	lizbońsko	adv:pos		
lizbońskościach	lizbońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskościami	lizbońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskością	lizbońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskości	lizbońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskościom	lizbońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskość	lizbońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizbońskość	lizbońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizelach	lizel	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizela	lizel	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizelami	lizel	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizele	lizel	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizele	lizel	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizele	lizel	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizelem	lizel	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizeli	lizel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizel	lizel	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizel	lizel	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizelom	lizel	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizelowi	lizel	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizelów	lizel	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizelu	lizel	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizelu	lizel	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizenach	lizena	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizena	lizena	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenami	lizena	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeną	lizena	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenę	lizena	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenie	lizena	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenie	lizena	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizen	lizena	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeno	lizena	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenom	lizena	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeny	lizena	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeny	lizena	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeny	lizena	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeny	lizena	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowościach	lizenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowościami	lizenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowością	lizenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowości	lizenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowościom	lizenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowość	lizenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowość	lizenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizenowa	lizenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lizenową	lizenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lizenową	lizenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lizenowego	lizenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lizenowego	lizenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizenowej	lizenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lizenowej	lizenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lizenowej	lizenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lizenowe	lizenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizenowe	lizenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizenowe	lizenowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lizenowe	lizenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lizenowemu	lizenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizenowi	lizenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lizenowo	lizenowy	adja		
lizenowych	lizenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lizenowych	lizenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizenowych	lizenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizenowy	lizenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lizenowy	lizenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lizenowymi	lizenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizenowym	lizenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizenowym	lizenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizenowym	lizenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizergidach	lizergid	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidami	lizergid	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidem	lizergid	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergid	lizergid	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergid	lizergid	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidom	lizergid	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidowi	lizergid	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidów	lizergid	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidu	lizergid	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidy	lizergid	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidy	lizergid	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidy	lizergid	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidzie	lizergid	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizergidzie	lizergid	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	biochem.|farm.
lizesce	lizeska	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizesce	lizeska	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizesek	lizeska	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeskach	lizeska	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeska	lizeska	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeskami	lizeska	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeską	lizeska	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeskę	lizeska	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeski	lizeska	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeski	lizeska	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeski	lizeska	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeski	lizeska	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizesko	lizeska	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizeskom	lizeska	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizingować	lizingować	inf:imperf		
lizingowaliby	lizingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizingowalibyście	lizingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizingowalibyśmy	lizingować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizingowali	lizingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lizingowali	lizingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizingowaliście	lizingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizingowaliśmy	lizingować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizingowałaby	lizingować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizingowałabym	lizingować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizingowałabyś	lizingować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizingowała	lizingować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lizingowała	lizingować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizingowałam	lizingować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizingowałaś	lizingować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizingowałby	lizingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizingowałbym	lizingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizingowałbyś	lizingować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizingowałem	lizingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizingowałeś	lizingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizingował	lizingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lizingował	lizingować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizingowałoby	lizingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizingowałobym	lizingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizingowałobyś	lizingować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizingowało	lizingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lizingowało	lizingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizingowałom	lizingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizingowałoś	lizingować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizingowałyby	lizingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizingowałybyście	lizingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizingowałybyśmy	lizingować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizingowały	lizingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lizingowały	lizingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizingowałyście	lizingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizingowałyśmy	lizingować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizingowana	lizingować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lizingowaną	lizingować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lizingowanego	lizingować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lizingowanego	lizingować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowanej	lizingować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lizingowane	lizingować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingowane	lizingować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowanemu	lizingować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowaniach	lizingować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowania	lizingować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowania	lizingować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowaniami	lizingować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowanie	lizingować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowaniem	lizingować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowani	lizingować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizingowaniom	lizingować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowaniu	lizingować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowano	lizingować	imps:imperf		
lizingowanych	lizingować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizingowanych	lizingować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingowany	lizingować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lizingowany	lizingować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lizingowanymi	lizingować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingowanym	lizingować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingowanym	lizingować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingowań	lizingować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lizingująca	lizingować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lizingującą	lizingować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lizingującego	lizingować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lizingującego	lizingować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingującej	lizingować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lizingujące	lizingować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingujące	lizingować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingującemu	lizingować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingując	lizingować	pcon:imperf		
lizingująco	lizingować	pacta		
lizingujących	lizingować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizingujących	lizingować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingujący	lizingować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizingujący	lizingować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lizingujący	lizingować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lizingującymi	lizingować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingującym	lizingować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizingującym	lizingować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizingują	lizingować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lizingujcie	lizingować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lizingujecie	lizingować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lizinguje	lizingować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lizingujemy	lizingować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lizingujesz	lizingować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lizinguję	lizingować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lizinguj	lizingować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lizingujmy	lizingować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
liziobrazek	liziobrazek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazkach	liziobrazek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazka	liziobrazek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazka	liziobrazek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazkami	liziobrazek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazkiem	liziobrazek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazki	liziobrazek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazki	liziobrazek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazkom	liziobrazek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazkowie	liziobrazek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazkowie	liziobrazek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazkowi	liziobrazek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazków	liziobrazek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazków	liziobrazek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazku	liziobrazek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liziobrazku	liziobrazek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liznąć	liznąć	inf:perf		
lizną	liznąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
liznąłby	liznąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
liznąłbym	liznąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
liznąłbyś	liznąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
liznąłem	liznąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
liznąłeś	liznąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
liznął	liznąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
liznął	liznąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
liznąwszy	liznąć	pant:perf		
liznęliby	liznąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
liznęlibyście	liznąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
liznęlibyśmy	liznąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
liznęli	liznąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
liznęli	liznąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
liznęliście	liznąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
liznęliśmy	liznąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
liznę	liznąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
liznęłaby	liznąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
liznęłabym	liznąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
liznęłabyś	liznąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
liznęła	liznąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
liznęła	liznąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
liznęłam	liznąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
liznęłaś	liznąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
liznęłoby	liznąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
liznęłobym	liznąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
liznęłobyś	liznąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
liznęło	liznąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
liznęło	liznąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
liznęłom	liznąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
liznęłoś	liznąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
liznęłyby	liznąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
liznęłybyście	liznąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
liznęłybyśmy	liznąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
liznęły	liznąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
liznęły	liznąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
liznęłyście	liznąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
liznęłyśmy	liznąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
liźniecie	liznąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
liźnie	liznąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
liźniemy	liznąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
liźniesz	liznąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
liźnięciach	liznąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięcia	liznąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięcia	liznąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięciami	liznąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięcie	liznąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięciem	liznąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięci	liznąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
liźnięciom	liznąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięciu	liznąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięć	liznąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
liźnięta	liznąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
liźniętą	liznąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
liźniętego	liznąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
liźniętego	liznąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
liźniętej	liznąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
liźnięte	liznąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
liźnięte	liznąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
liźniętemu	liznąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
liźnięto	liznąć	imps:perf		
liźniętych	liznąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
liźniętych	liznąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
liźnięty	liznąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
liźnięty	liznąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
liźniętymi	liznąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
liźniętym	liznąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
liźniętym	liznąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
liźnijcie	liznąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
liźnij	liznąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
liźnijmy	liznąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
lizoformach	lizoform	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformami	lizoform	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformem	lizoform	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformie	lizoform	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformie	lizoform	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoform	lizoform	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoform	lizoform	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformom	lizoform	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformowi	lizoform	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformów	lizoform	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformu	lizoform	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformy	lizoform	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformy	lizoform	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoformy	lizoform	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolach	lizol	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolami	lizol	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizole	lizol	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizole	lizol	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizole	lizol	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolem	lizol	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizoli	lizol	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizol	lizol	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizol	lizol	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolom	lizol	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolowi	lizol	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolu	lizol	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolu	lizol	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizolu	lizol	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomach	lizosom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomami	lizosom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomem	lizosom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomie	lizosom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomie	lizosom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosom	lizosom	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosom	lizosom	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomom	lizosom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomowi	lizosom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomów	lizosom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomu	lizosom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomy	lizosom	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomy	lizosom	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomy	lizosom	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatycznościach	lizosomatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatycznościami	lizosomatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatycznością	lizosomatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczności	lizosomatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatycznościom	lizosomatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczność	lizosomatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczność	lizosomatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizosomatyczna	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lizosomatyczną	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lizosomatyczną	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lizosomatycznego	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lizosomatycznego	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizosomatycznej	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lizosomatycznej	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lizosomatycznej	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lizosomatyczne	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizosomatyczne	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizosomatyczne	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lizosomatyczne	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lizosomatycznemu	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizosomatyczni	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lizosomatyczno	lizosomatyczny	adja		
lizosomatycznych	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lizosomatycznych	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizosomatycznych	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizosomatyczny	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lizosomatyczny	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lizosomatycznymi	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizosomatycznym	lizosomatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizosomatycznym	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizosomatycznym	lizosomatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizozymach	lizozym	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymami	lizozym	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymem	lizozym	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymie	lizozym	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymie	lizozym	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozym	lizozym	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozym	lizozym	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymom	lizozym	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymowi	lizozym	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymów	lizozym	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymu	lizozym	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymy	lizozym	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymy	lizozym	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizozymy	lizozym	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchach	lizuch	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizucha	lizuch	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizucha	lizuch	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchami	lizuch	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchem	lizuch	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuch	lizuch	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchom	lizuch	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchowie	lizuch	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchowie	lizuch	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchowi	lizuch	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchów	lizuch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchów	lizuch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchu	lizuch	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchu	lizuch	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchy	lizuch	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchy	lizuch	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lizuchować	lizuchować	inf:imperf		
lizuchowaliby	lizuchować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizuchowalibyście	lizuchować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizuchowalibyśmy	lizuchować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizuchowali	lizuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lizuchowali	lizuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizuchowaliście	lizuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizuchowaliśmy	lizuchować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizuchowałaby	lizuchować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałabym	lizuchować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizuchowałabyś	lizuchować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizuchowała	lizuchować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lizuchowała	lizuchować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałam	lizuchować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizuchowałaś	lizuchować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizuchowałby	lizuchować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałbym	lizuchować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizuchowałbyś	lizuchować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizuchowałem	lizuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizuchowałeś	lizuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizuchował	lizuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lizuchował	lizuchować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałoby	lizuchować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałobym	lizuchować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizuchowałobyś	lizuchować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizuchowało	lizuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lizuchowało	lizuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałom	lizuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizuchowałoś	lizuchować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizuchowałyby	lizuchować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałybyście	lizuchować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizuchowałybyśmy	lizuchować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizuchowały	lizuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lizuchowały	lizuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizuchowałyście	lizuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizuchowałyśmy	lizuchować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizuchowaniach	lizuchować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowania	lizuchować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowania	lizuchować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowaniami	lizuchować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowanie	lizuchować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowaniem	lizuchować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowaniom	lizuchować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowaniu	lizuchować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchowano	lizuchować	imps:imperf		
lizuchowań	lizuchować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchująca	lizuchować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lizuchującą	lizuchować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lizuchującego	lizuchować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lizuchującego	lizuchować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchującej	lizuchować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lizuchujące	lizuchować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizuchujące	lizuchować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchującemu	lizuchować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchując	lizuchować	pcon:imperf		
lizuchująco	lizuchować	pacta		
lizuchujących	lizuchować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizuchujących	lizuchować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizuchujący	lizuchować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizuchujący	lizuchować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lizuchujący	lizuchować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lizuchującymi	lizuchować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizuchującym	lizuchować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizuchującym	lizuchować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizuchują	lizuchować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lizuchujcie	lizuchować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lizuchujecie	lizuchować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lizuchuje	lizuchować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lizuchujemy	lizuchować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lizuchujesz	lizuchować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lizuchuję	lizuchować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lizuchuj	lizuchować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lizuchujmy	lizuchować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lizuniach	lizuń	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizunia	lizuń	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizunia	lizuń	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniami	lizuń	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizunie	lizuń	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lizunie	lizuń	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lizunie	lizuń	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizunie	lizuń	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniem	lizuń	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniom	lizuń	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniowi	lizuń	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniów	lizuń	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniów	lizuń	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniu	lizuń	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuniu	lizuń	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizuń	lizuń	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lizusach	lizus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusa	lizus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusa	lizus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusami	lizus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusem	lizus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusie	lizus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusie	lizus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusi	lizus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusi	lizus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizus	lizus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusom	lizus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusowi	lizus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusów	lizus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusów	lizus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusy	lizus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusy	lizus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusce	lizuska	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusce	lizuska	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusek	lizuska	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuskach	lizuska	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuska	lizuska	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuskami	lizuska	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuską	lizuska	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuskę	lizuska	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuski	lizuska	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuski	lizuska	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuski	lizuska	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuski	lizuska	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusko	lizuska	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizuskom	lizuska	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwach	lizusostwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwa	lizusostwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwa	lizusostwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwa	lizusostwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwa	lizusostwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwami	lizusostwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwem	lizusostwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwie	lizusostwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostw	lizusostwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwo	lizusostwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwo	lizusostwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwo	lizusostwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwom	lizusostwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusostwu	lizusostwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lizusować	lizusować	inf:imperf		
lizusowaliby	lizusować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizusowalibyście	lizusować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizusowalibyśmy	lizusować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizusowali	lizusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lizusowali	lizusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lizusowaliście	lizusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lizusowaliśmy	lizusować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lizusowałaby	lizusować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizusowałabym	lizusować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizusowałabyś	lizusować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizusowała	lizusować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lizusowała	lizusować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lizusowałam	lizusować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lizusowałaś	lizusować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lizusowałby	lizusować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizusowałbym	lizusować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizusowałbyś	lizusować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizusowałem	lizusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lizusowałeś	lizusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lizusował	lizusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lizusował	lizusować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lizusowałoby	lizusować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizusowałobym	lizusować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizusowałobyś	lizusować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizusowało	lizusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lizusowało	lizusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lizusowałom	lizusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lizusowałoś	lizusować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lizusowałyby	lizusować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizusowałybyście	lizusować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizusowałybyśmy	lizusować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizusowały	lizusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lizusowały	lizusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lizusowałyście	lizusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lizusowałyśmy	lizusować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lizusowaniach	lizusować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowania	lizusować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowania	lizusować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowaniami	lizusować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowanie	lizusować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowaniem	lizusować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowaniom	lizusować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowaniu	lizusować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusowano	lizusować	imps:imperf		
lizusowań	lizusować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lizusująca	lizusować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lizusującą	lizusować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lizusującego	lizusować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lizusującego	lizusować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizusującej	lizusować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lizusujące	lizusować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizusujące	lizusować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizusującemu	lizusować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizusując	lizusować	pcon:imperf		
lizusująco	lizusować	pacta		
lizusujących	lizusować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizusujących	lizusować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizusujący	lizusować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizusujący	lizusować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lizusujący	lizusować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lizusującymi	lizusować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizusującym	lizusować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizusującym	lizusować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizusują	lizusować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lizusujcie	lizusować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lizusujecie	lizusować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lizusuje	lizusować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lizusujemy	lizusować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lizusujesz	lizusować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lizusuję	lizusować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lizusuj	lizusować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lizusujmy	lizusować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lizusowscy	lizusowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lizusowska	lizusowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lizusowską	lizusowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lizusowską	lizusowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lizusowskich	lizusowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lizusowskich	lizusowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizusowskich	lizusowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizusowskiego	lizusowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lizusowskiego	lizusowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizusowskiej	lizusowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lizusowskiej	lizusowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lizusowskiej	lizusowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lizusowskie	lizusowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizusowskie	lizusowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lizusowskie	lizusowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lizusowskie	lizusowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lizusowskiemu	lizusowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizusowski	lizusowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lizusowski	lizusowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lizusowskimi	lizusowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizusowskim	lizusowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lizusowskim	lizusowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizusowskim	lizusowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lizusowsko	lizusowski	adja		
lizusowsku	lizusowski	adjp		
lizusowsko	lizusowsko	adv:pos		
lizusowskościach	lizusowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskościami	lizusowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskością	lizusowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskości	lizusowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskościom	lizusowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskość	lizusowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusowskość	lizusowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizusiach	lizuś	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusia	lizuś	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusia	lizuś	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiami	lizuś	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusie	lizuś	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusie	lizuś	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusie	lizuś	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusie	lizuś	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiem	lizuś	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiom	lizuś	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiowi	lizuś	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiów	lizuś	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiów	lizuś	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiu	lizuś	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizusiu	lizuś	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizuś	lizuś	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lizymetrach	lizymetr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetrami	lizymetr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetrem	lizymetr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetr	lizymetr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetr	lizymetr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetrom	lizymetr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetrowi	lizymetr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetrów	lizymetr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetru	lizymetr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetry	lizymetr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetry	lizymetr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetry	lizymetr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetrze	lizymetr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizymetrze	lizymetr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizynach	lizyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyna	lizyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizynami	lizyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyną	lizyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizynę	lizyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizynie	lizyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizynie	lizyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyn	lizyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyno	lizyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizynom	lizyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyny	lizyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyny	lizyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyny	lizyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizyny	lizyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lizysach	lizys	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysami	lizys	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysem	lizys	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysie	lizys	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysie	lizys	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizys	lizys	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizys	lizys	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysom	lizys	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysowi	lizys	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysów	lizys	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysu	lizys	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysy	lizys	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysy	lizys	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lizysy	lizys	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lazłaby	liźć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłabym	liźć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lazłabyś	liźć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazła	liźć	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
lazła	liźć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłam	liźć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lazłaś	liźć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazłby	liźć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłbym	liźć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lazłbyś	liźć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazłem	liźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lazłeś	liźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazł	liźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
lazł	liźć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłoby	liźć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłobym	liźć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lazłobyś	liźć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazło	liźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
lazło	liźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłom	liźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lazłoś	liźć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazłyby	liźć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłybyście	liźć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazłybyśmy	liźć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lazły	liźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
lazły	liźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lazłyście	liźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lazłyśmy	liźć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lezieniach	liźć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezienia	liźć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezienia	liźć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniami	liźć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lezienie	liźć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniem	liźć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniom	liźć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lezieniu	liźć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lezień	liźć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
leziono	liźć	imps:imperf		rzad.
leźliby	liźć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
leźlibyście	liźć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
leźlibyśmy	liźć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
leźli	liźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
leźli	liźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
leźliście	liźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
leźliśmy	liźć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
liząca	liźć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lizącą	liźć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lizącego	liźć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lizącego	liźć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizącej	liźć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lizące	liźć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizące	liźć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizącemu	liźć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
liząc	liźć	pcon:imperf		rzad.
liząco	liźć	pacta		
lizących	liźć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizących	liźć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizący	liźć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lizący	liźć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lizący	liźć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lizącymi	liźć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizącym	liźć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lizącym	liźć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lizą	liźć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
lizę	liźć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
liziecie	liźć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lizie	liźć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
liziemy	liźć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
liziesz	liźć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
liźcie	liźć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
liźć	liźć	inf:imperf		rzad.
liź	liźć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
liźmy	liźć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
liżyłapach	liżyłapa	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapa	liżyłapa	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapami	liżyłapa	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapą	liżyłapa	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapę	liżyłapa	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapie	liżyłapa	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapie	liżyłapa	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapo	liżyłapa	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapom	liżyłapa	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapowie	liżyłapa	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapowie	liżyłapa	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapów	liżyłapa	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapów	liżyłapa	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapy	liżyłapa	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapy	liżyłapa	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyłapy	liżyłapa	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazek	liżyobrazek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazkach	liżyobrazek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazka	liżyobrazek	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazka	liżyobrazek	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazkami	liżyobrazek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazkiem	liżyobrazek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazki	liżyobrazek	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazki	liżyobrazek	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazkom	liżyobrazek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazkowie	liżyobrazek	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazkowie	liżyobrazek	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazkowi	liżyobrazek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazków	liżyobrazek	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazków	liżyobrazek	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazku	liżyobrazek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
liżyobrazku	liżyobrazek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lkm-ach	lkm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-ami	lkm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-em	lkm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-ie	lkm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-ie	lkm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm	lkm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm	lkm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-om	lkm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-owi	lkm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-ów	lkm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-u	lkm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-y	lkm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-y	lkm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
lkm-y	lkm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	wojsk.
llanos	llanos	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
llanos	llanos	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
llanos	llanos	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
llanos	llanos	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
llanos	llanos	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
llanos	llanos	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
llanos	llanos	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lniance	lnianka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lniance	lnianka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianek	lnianka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lniankach	lnianka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianka	lnianka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lniankami	lnianka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianką	lnianka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lniankę	lnianka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianki	lnianka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianki	lnianka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianki	lnianka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianki	lnianka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianko	lnianka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lniankom	lnianka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lnianościach	lnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianościami	lnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianością	lnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianości	lnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianościom	lnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianość	lnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianość	lnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosościach	lnianowłosość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosościami	lnianowłosość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosością	lnianowłosość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosości	lnianowłosość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosościom	lnianowłosość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosość	lnianowłosość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosość	lnianowłosość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnianowłosa	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lnianowłosą	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lnianowłosą	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lnianowłosego	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lnianowłosego	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnianowłosej	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lnianowłosej	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lnianowłosej	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lnianowłose	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lnianowłose	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lnianowłose	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lnianowłose	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lnianowłosemu	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnianowłosi	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lnianowłoso	lnianowłosy	adja		
lnianowłosych	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lnianowłosych	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnianowłosych	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnianowłosy	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lnianowłosy	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lnianowłosymi	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnianowłosym	lnianowłosy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnianowłosym	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnianowłosym	lnianowłosy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniana	lniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lnianą	lniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lnianą	lniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lnianego	lniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lnianego	lniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnianej	lniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lnianej	lniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lnianej	lniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lniane	lniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lniane	lniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lniane	lniany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lniane	lniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lnianemu	lniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniani	lniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lniano	lniany	adja		
lnianych	lniany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lnianych	lniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnianych	lniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniany	lniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lniany	lniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lnianymi	lniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnianym	lniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnianym	lniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnianym	lniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniańscy	lniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lniańska	lniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lniańską	lniański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lniańską	lniański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lniańskich	lniański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lniańskich	lniański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniańskich	lniański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniańskiego	lniański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lniańskiego	lniański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniańskiej	lniański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lniańskiej	lniański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lniańskiej	lniański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lniańskie	lniański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lniańskie	lniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lniańskie	lniański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lniańskie	lniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lniańskiemu	lniański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniański	lniański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lniański	lniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lniańskimi	lniański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniańskim	lniański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniańskim	lniański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniańskim	lniański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniańsko	lniański	adja		
lniańsku	lniański	adjp		
lniańsko	lniańsko	adv:pos		
lniańskościach	lniańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskościami	lniańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskością	lniańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskości	lniańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskościom	lniańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskość	lniańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniańskość	lniańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarscy	lniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lniarska	lniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lniarską	lniarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lniarską	lniarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lniarskich	lniarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lniarskich	lniarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniarskich	lniarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniarskiego	lniarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lniarskiego	lniarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniarskiej	lniarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lniarskiej	lniarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lniarskiej	lniarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lniarskie	lniarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lniarskie	lniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lniarskie	lniarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lniarskie	lniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lniarskiemu	lniarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniarski	lniarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lniarski	lniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lniarskimi	lniarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniarskim	lniarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lniarskim	lniarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniarskim	lniarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lniarsko	lniarski	adja		
lniarsku	lniarski	adjp		
lniarsko	lniarsko	adv:pos		
lniarskościach	lniarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskościami	lniarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskością	lniarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskości	lniarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskościom	lniarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskość	lniarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarskość	lniarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwach	lniarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwa	lniarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwa	lniarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwa	lniarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwa	lniarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwami	lniarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwem	lniarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwie	lniarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstw	lniarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwo	lniarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwo	lniarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwo	lniarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwom	lniarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniarstwu	lniarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnicach	lnica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnica	lnica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicami	lnica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicą	lnica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnice	lnica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnice	lnica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnice	lnica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicę	lnica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnic	lnica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnico	lnica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicom	lnica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicy	lnica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicy	lnica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicy	lnica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznikach	lnicznik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznika	lnicznik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznikami	lnicznik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznikiem	lnicznik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lniczniki	lnicznik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lniczniki	lnicznik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lniczniki	lnicznik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznik	lnicznik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznik	lnicznik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznikom	lnicznik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lnicznikowi	lnicznik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lniczników	lnicznik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lniczniku	lnicznik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lniczniku	lnicznik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lniskach	lnisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniska	lnisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniska	lnisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniska	lnisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniska	lnisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniskami	lnisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniskiem	lnisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnisk	lnisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnisko	lnisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnisko	lnisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnisko	lnisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lniskom	lnisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnisku	lnisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnisku	lnisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lnowate	lnowate	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowate	lnowate	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowate	lnowate	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatych	lnowate	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatych	lnowate	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatymi	lnowate	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatym	lnowate	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatościach	lnowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatościami	lnowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatością	lnowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatości	lnowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatościom	lnowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatość	lnowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowatość	lnowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lnowaci	lnowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lnowata	lnowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lnowatą	lnowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lnowatą	lnowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lnowatego	lnowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lnowatego	lnowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnowatej	lnowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lnowatej	lnowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lnowatej	lnowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lnowate	lnowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lnowate	lnowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lnowate	lnowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lnowate	lnowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lnowatemu	lnowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnowato	lnowaty	adja		
lnowatych	lnowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lnowatych	lnowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnowatych	lnowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnowaty	lnowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lnowaty	lnowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lnowatymi	lnowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnowatym	lnowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lnowatym	lnowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lnowatym	lnowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobach	lob	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loba	lob	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobami	lob	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobem	lob	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobie	lob	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobie	lob	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lob	lob	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lob	lob	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobom	lob	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobowi	lob	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobów	lob	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobu	lob	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loby	lob	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loby	lob	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loby	lob	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingach	lobbing	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingami	lobbing	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingiem	lobbing	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingi	lobbing	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingi	lobbing	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingi	lobbing	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbing	lobbing	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbing	lobbing	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingom	lobbing	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowi	lobbing	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingów	lobbing	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingu	lobbing	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingu	lobbing	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingu	lobbing	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowościach	lobbingowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowościami	lobbingowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowością	lobbingowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowości	lobbingowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowościom	lobbingowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowość	lobbingowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowość	lobbingowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbingowa	lobbingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lobbingową	lobbingowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lobbingową	lobbingowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lobbingowego	lobbingowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lobbingowego	lobbingowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbingowej	lobbingowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lobbingowej	lobbingowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lobbingowej	lobbingowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lobbingowe	lobbingowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobbingowe	lobbingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobbingowe	lobbingowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lobbingowe	lobbingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lobbingowemu	lobbingowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbingowi	lobbingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lobbingowo	lobbingowy	adja		
lobbingowych	lobbingowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lobbingowych	lobbingowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbingowych	lobbingowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbingowy	lobbingowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lobbingowy	lobbingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lobbingowymi	lobbingowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbingowym	lobbingowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbingowym	lobbingowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbingowym	lobbingowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbistach	lobbista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbista	lobbista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistami	lobbista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistą	lobbista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistę	lobbista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbisto	lobbista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistom	lobbista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistów	lobbista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistów	lobbista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbisty	lobbista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lobbisty	lobbista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lobbisty	lobbista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbiście	lobbista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbiście	lobbista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbiści	lobbista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbiści	lobbista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistycznościach	lobbistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistycznościami	lobbistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistycznością	lobbistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczności	lobbistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistycznościom	lobbistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczność	lobbistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczność	lobbistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbistyczna	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lobbistyczną	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lobbistyczną	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lobbistycznego	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lobbistycznego	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbistycznej	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lobbistycznej	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lobbistycznej	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lobbistyczne	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobbistyczne	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobbistyczne	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lobbistyczne	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lobbistycznemu	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbistyczni	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lobbistyczno	lobbistyczny	adja		
lobbistycznych	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lobbistycznych	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbistycznych	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbistyczny	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lobbistyczny	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lobbistycznymi	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbistycznym	lobbistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbistycznym	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbistycznym	lobbistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbować	lobbować:v1	inf:imperf		
lobbowaliby	lobbować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lobbowalibyście	lobbować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lobbowalibyśmy	lobbować:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lobbowali	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lobbowali	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lobbowaliście	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lobbowaliśmy	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lobbowałaby	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lobbowałabym	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lobbowałabyś	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lobbowała	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lobbowała	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lobbowałam	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lobbowałaś	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lobbowałby	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałbym	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lobbowałbyś	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lobbowałem	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lobbowałeś	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lobbował	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lobbował	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałoby	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lobbowałobym	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lobbowałobyś	lobbować:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lobbowało	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lobbowało	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lobbowałom	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lobbowałoś	lobbować:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lobbowałyby	lobbować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałybyście	lobbować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lobbowałybyśmy	lobbować:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lobbowały	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lobbowały	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałyście	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lobbowałyśmy	lobbować:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lobbowana	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbowaną	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lobbowanego	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanego	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanej	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbowane	lobbować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowane	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanemu	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniach	lobbować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowania	lobbować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowania	lobbować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniami	lobbować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanie	lobbować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniem	lobbować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowani	lobbować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniom	lobbować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniu	lobbować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowano	lobbować:v1	imps:imperf		
lobbowanych	lobbować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbowanych	lobbować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowany	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lobbowany	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lobbowanymi	lobbować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowanym	lobbować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowanym	lobbować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowań	lobbować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbująca	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbującą	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lobbującego	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lobbującego	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbującej	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbujące	lobbować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbujące	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbującemu	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbując	lobbować:v1	pcon:imperf		
lobbująco	lobbować:v1	pacta		
lobbujących	lobbować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbujących	lobbować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbujący	lobbować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbujący	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lobbujący	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lobbującymi	lobbować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbującym	lobbować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbującym	lobbować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbują	lobbować:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lobbujcie	lobbować:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lobbujecie	lobbować:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lobbuje	lobbować:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lobbujemy	lobbować:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lobbujesz	lobbować:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lobbuję	lobbować:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lobbuj	lobbować:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lobbujmy	lobbować:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lobbować	lobbować:v2	inf:imperf		
lobbowaliby	lobbować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lobbowalibyście	lobbować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lobbowalibyśmy	lobbować:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lobbowali	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lobbowali	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lobbowaliście	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lobbowaliśmy	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lobbowałaby	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lobbowałabym	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lobbowałabyś	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lobbowała	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lobbowała	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lobbowałam	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lobbowałaś	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lobbowałby	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałbym	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lobbowałbyś	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lobbowałem	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lobbowałeś	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lobbował	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lobbował	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałoby	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lobbowałobym	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lobbowałobyś	lobbować:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lobbowało	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lobbowało	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lobbowałom	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lobbowałoś	lobbować:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lobbowałyby	lobbować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałybyście	lobbować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lobbowałybyśmy	lobbować:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lobbowały	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lobbowały	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lobbowałyście	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lobbowałyśmy	lobbować:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lobbowana	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbowaną	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lobbowanego	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanego	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanej	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbowane	lobbować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowane	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanemu	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniach	lobbować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowania	lobbować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowania	lobbować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniami	lobbować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowanie	lobbować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniem	lobbować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowani	lobbować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniom	lobbować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowaniu	lobbować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowano	lobbować:v2	imps:imperf		
lobbowanych	lobbować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbowanych	lobbować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowany	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lobbowany	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lobbowanymi	lobbować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowanym	lobbować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbowanym	lobbować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbowań	lobbować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lobbująca	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbującą	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lobbującego	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lobbującego	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbującej	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lobbujące	lobbować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbujące	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbującemu	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbując	lobbować:v2	pcon:imperf		
lobbująco	lobbować:v2	pacta		
lobbujących	lobbować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbujących	lobbować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbujący	lobbować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobbujący	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lobbujący	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lobbującymi	lobbować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbującym	lobbować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobbującym	lobbować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobbują	lobbować:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lobbujcie	lobbować:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lobbujecie	lobbować:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lobbuje	lobbować:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lobbujemy	lobbować:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lobbujesz	lobbować:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lobbuję	lobbować:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lobbuj	lobbować:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lobbujmy	lobbować:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lobby	lobby	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobby	lobby	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingach	lobbying	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingami	lobbying	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingiem	lobbying	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingi	lobbying	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingi	lobbying	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingi	lobbying	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbying	lobbying	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbying	lobbying	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingom	lobbying	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingowi	lobbying	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingów	lobbying	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingu	lobbying	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingu	lobbying	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyingu	lobbying	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystach	lobbysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbysta	lobbysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystami	lobbysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystą	lobbysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystę	lobbysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbysto	lobbysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystom	lobbysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystów	lobbysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystów	lobbysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbysty	lobbysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lobbysty	lobbysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lobbysty	lobbysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyście	lobbysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyście	lobbysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyści	lobbysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbyści	lobbysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystycznościach	lobbystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystycznościami	lobbystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystycznością	lobbystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczności	lobbystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystycznościom	lobbystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczność	lobbystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczność	lobbystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobbystyczna	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lobbystyczną	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lobbystyczną	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lobbystycznego	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lobbystycznego	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbystycznej	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lobbystycznej	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lobbystycznej	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lobbystyczne	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobbystyczne	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobbystyczne	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lobbystyczne	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lobbystycznemu	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbystyczni	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lobbystyczno	lobbystyczny	adja		
lobbystycznych	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lobbystycznych	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbystycznych	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbystyczny	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lobbystyczny	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lobbystycznymi	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbystycznym	lobbystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobbystycznym	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobbystycznym	lobbystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliach	lobelia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelia	lobelia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliami	lobelia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelią	lobelia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelie	lobelia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelie	lobelia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelie	lobelia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelię	lobelia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelii	lobelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lobelii	lobelia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelii	lobelia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelii	lobelia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelij	lobelia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lobelio	lobelia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliom	lobelia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelinach	lobelina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelina	lobelina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelinami	lobelina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliną	lobelina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelinę	lobelina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelinie	lobelina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelinie	lobelina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelin	lobelina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelino	lobelina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobelinom	lobelina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliny	lobelina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliny	lobelina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliny	lobelina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliny	lobelina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowate	lobeliowate	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowate	lobeliowate	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowate	lobeliowate	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatych	lobeliowate	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatych	lobeliowate	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatymi	lobeliowate	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatym	lobeliowate	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatościach	lobeliowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatościami	lobeliowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatością	lobeliowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatości	lobeliowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatościom	lobeliowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatość	lobeliowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowatość	lobeliowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowaci	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lobeliowata	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lobeliowatą	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lobeliowatą	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lobeliowatego	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lobeliowatego	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowatej	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lobeliowatej	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lobeliowatej	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lobeliowate	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowate	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowate	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowate	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowatemu	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowato	lobeliowaty	adja		
lobeliowatych	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lobeliowatych	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowatych	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowaty	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lobeliowaty	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lobeliowatymi	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowatym	lobeliowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowatym	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowatym	lobeliowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowościach	lobeliowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowościami	lobeliowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowością	lobeliowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowości	lobeliowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowościom	lobeliowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowość	lobeliowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowość	lobeliowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lobeliowa	lobeliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lobeliową	lobeliowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lobeliową	lobeliowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lobeliowego	lobeliowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lobeliowego	lobeliowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowej	lobeliowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lobeliowej	lobeliowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lobeliowej	lobeliowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lobeliowe	lobeliowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowe	lobeliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowe	lobeliowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowe	lobeliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowemu	lobeliowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowi	lobeliowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lobeliowo	lobeliowy	adja		
lobeliowych	lobeliowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lobeliowych	lobeliowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowych	lobeliowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowy	lobeliowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lobeliowy	lobeliowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lobeliowymi	lobeliowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowym	lobeliowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lobeliowym	lobeliowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobeliowym	lobeliowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lobo	lobo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobo	lobo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	ogr.
lobotomiach	lobotomia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomia	lobotomia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomiami	lobotomia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomią	lobotomia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomie	lobotomia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomie	lobotomia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomie	lobotomia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomię	lobotomia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomii	lobotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.|hom.
lobotomii	lobotomia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomii	lobotomia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomii	lobotomia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomij	lobotomia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|med.|char.
lobotomio	lobotomia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobotomiom	lobotomia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lobować	lobować	inf:imperf		
lobowaliby	lobować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lobowalibyście	lobować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lobowalibyśmy	lobować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lobowali	lobować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lobowali	lobować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lobowaliście	lobować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lobowaliśmy	lobować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lobowałaby	lobować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lobowałabym	lobować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lobowałabyś	lobować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lobowała	lobować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lobowała	lobować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lobowałam	lobować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lobowałaś	lobować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lobowałby	lobować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lobowałbym	lobować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lobowałbyś	lobować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lobowałem	lobować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lobowałeś	lobować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lobował	lobować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lobował	lobować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lobowałoby	lobować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lobowałobym	lobować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lobowałobyś	lobować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lobowało	lobować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lobowało	lobować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lobowałom	lobować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lobowałoś	lobować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lobowałyby	lobować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lobowałybyście	lobować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lobowałybyśmy	lobować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lobowały	lobować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lobowały	lobować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lobowałyście	lobować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lobowałyśmy	lobować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lobowana	lobować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lobowaną	lobować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lobowanego	lobować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lobowanego	lobować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobowanej	lobować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lobowane	lobować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobowane	lobować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobowanemu	lobować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobowaniach	lobować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowania	lobować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowania	lobować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowaniami	lobować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowanie	lobować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowaniem	lobować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowani	lobować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobowaniom	lobować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowaniu	lobować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lobowano	lobować	imps:imperf		
lobowanych	lobować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobowanych	lobować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobowany	lobować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lobowany	lobować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lobowanymi	lobować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobowanym	lobować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobowanym	lobować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobowań	lobować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lobująca	lobować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lobującą	lobować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lobującego	lobować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lobującego	lobować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobującej	lobować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lobujące	lobować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobujące	lobować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobującemu	lobować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobując	lobować	pcon:imperf		
lobująco	lobować	pacta		
lobujących	lobować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobujących	lobować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobujący	lobować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lobujący	lobować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lobujący	lobować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lobującymi	lobować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobującym	lobować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lobującym	lobować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lobują	lobować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lobujcie	lobować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lobujecie	lobować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lobuje	lobować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lobujemy	lobować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lobujesz	lobować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lobuję	lobować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lobuj	lobować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lobujmy	lobować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
locativach	locativus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativami	locativus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativem	locativus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativie	locativus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativie	locativus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativom	locativus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativowi	locativus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativów	locativus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativu	locativus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativus	locativus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativus	locativus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativy	locativus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativy	locativus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
locativy	locativus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	jęz.
lochach	loch	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochami	loch	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochem	loch	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loch	loch	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loch	loch	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochom	loch	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochowi	loch	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochów	loch	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochu	loch	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochu	loch	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochu	loch	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochy	loch	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochy	loch	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochy	loch	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lochach	locha	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
locha	locha	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochami	locha	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochą	locha	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochę	locha	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loch	locha	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
locho	locha	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochom	locha	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochy	locha	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochy	locha	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochy	locha	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochy	locha	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
losze	locha	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
losze	locha	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lochacie	lochać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lochać	lochać	inf:imperf		
lochająca	lochać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lochającą	lochać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lochającego	lochać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lochającego	lochać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lochającej	lochać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lochające	lochać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lochające	lochać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lochającemu	lochać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lochając	lochać	pcon:imperf		
lochająco	lochać	pacta		
lochających	lochać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lochających	lochać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lochający	lochać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lochający	lochać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lochający	lochać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lochającymi	lochać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lochającym	lochać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lochającym	lochać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lochają	lochać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lochajcie	lochać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lochaj	lochać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lochajmy	lochać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lochaliby	lochać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lochalibyście	lochać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lochalibyśmy	lochać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lochali	lochać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lochali	lochać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lochaliście	lochać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lochaliśmy	lochać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
locha	lochać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lochałaby	lochać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lochałabym	lochać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lochałabyś	lochać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lochała	lochać	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lochała	lochać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lochałam	lochać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lochałaś	lochać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lochałby	lochać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lochałbym	lochać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lochałbyś	lochać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lochałem	lochać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lochałeś	lochać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lochał	lochać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lochał	lochać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lochałoby	lochać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lochałobym	lochać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lochałobyś	lochać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lochało	lochać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lochało	lochać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lochałom	lochać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lochałoś	lochać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lochałyby	lochać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lochałybyście	lochać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lochałybyśmy	lochać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lochały	lochać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lochały	lochać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lochałyście	lochać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lochałyśmy	lochać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
locham	lochać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lochamy	lochać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lochaniach	lochać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lochania	lochać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lochania	lochać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lochaniami	lochać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lochanie	lochać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lochaniem	lochać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lochaniom	lochać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lochaniu	lochać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lochano	lochać	imps:imperf		
lochań	lochać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lochasz	lochać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
locjach	locja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locja	locja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locjami	locja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locją	locja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locje	locja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locje	locja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locje	locja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locję	locja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locji	locja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|mors.
locji	locja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locji	locja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locji	locja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locjo	locja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locjom	locja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mors.
locyj	locja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|mors.
lockoucie	lockout	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoucie	lockout	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoutach	lockout	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoutami	lockout	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoutem	lockout	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockout	lockout	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockout	lockout	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoutom	lockout	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoutowi	lockout	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoutów	lockout	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockoutu	lockout	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockouty	lockout	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockouty	lockout	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lockouty	lockout	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locmanach	locman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmana	locman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmana	locman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanami	locman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanem	locman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanie	locman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanie	locman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmani	locman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmani	locman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locman	locman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanom	locman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanowi	locman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanów	locman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmanów	locman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
locmany	locman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
locmany	locman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
loco	loco	prep:nom		
locach	locum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loca	locum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loca	locum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loca	locum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locami	locum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locom	locum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loców	locum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locum	locum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locum	locum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locum	locum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locum	locum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locum	locum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locum	locum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locum	locum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locus	locus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczek	loczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczek	loczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczkach	loczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczka	loczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczkami	loczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczkiem	loczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczki	loczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczki	loczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczki	loczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczkom	loczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowi	loczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczków	loczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczku	loczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczku	loczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatościach	loczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatościami	loczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatością	loczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatości	loczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatościom	loczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatość	loczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowatość	loczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loczkowaci	loczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
loczkowata	loczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
loczkowatą	loczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
loczkowatą	loczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
loczkowatego	loczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
loczkowatego	loczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loczkowatej	loczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
loczkowatej	loczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
loczkowatej	loczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
loczkowate	loczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loczkowate	loczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loczkowate	loczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
loczkowate	loczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
loczkowatemu	loczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loczkowato	loczkowaty	adja		
loczkowatych	loczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
loczkowatych	loczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loczkowatych	loczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loczkowaty	loczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
loczkowaty	loczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
loczkowatymi	loczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loczkowatym	loczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loczkowatym	loczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loczkowatym	loczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodek	lodek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodek	lodek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodkach	lodek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodkami	lodek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodkiem	lodek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodki	lodek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodki	lodek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodki	lodek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodkom	lodek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodkowi	lodek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodków	lodek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodku	lodek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodku	lodek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodku	lodek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenach	loden	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenami	loden	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenem	loden	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenie	loden	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenie	loden	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loden	loden	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loden	loden	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenom	loden	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowi	loden	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenów	loden	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenu	loden	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodeny	loden	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodeny	loden	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodeny	loden	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowościach	lodenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowościami	lodenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowością	lodenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowości	lodenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowościom	lodenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowość	lodenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowość	lodenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodenowa	lodenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lodenową	lodenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lodenową	lodenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lodenowego	lodenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lodenowego	lodenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodenowej	lodenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lodenowej	lodenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lodenowej	lodenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lodenowe	lodenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodenowe	lodenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodenowe	lodenowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lodenowe	lodenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lodenowemu	lodenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodenowi	lodenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lodenowo	lodenowy	adja		
lodenowych	lodenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lodenowych	lodenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodenowych	lodenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodenowy	lodenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lodenowy	lodenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lodenowymi	lodenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodenowym	lodenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodenowym	lodenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodenowym	lodenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodnikach	lodnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodnika	lodnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodnikami	lodnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodnikiem	lodnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodniki	lodnik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodniki	lodnik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodniki	lodnik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodnik	lodnik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodnik	lodnik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodnikom	lodnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodnikowi	lodnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodników	lodnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodniku	lodnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodniku	lodnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lodniskach	lodnisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodniska	lodnisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodniska	lodnisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodniska	lodnisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodniska	lodnisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodniskami	lodnisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodniskiem	lodnisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodnisk	lodnisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodnisko	lodnisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodnisko	lodnisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodnisko	lodnisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodniskom	lodnisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodnisku	lodnisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lodnisku	lodnisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lododziale	lododział	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziale	lododział	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziałach	lododział	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziałami	lododział	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziałem	lododział	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododział	lododział	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododział	lododział	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziałom	lododział	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziałowi	lododział	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziałów	lododział	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziału	lododział	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziały	lododział	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziały	lododział	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lododziały	lododział	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamach	lodołam	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamami	lodołam	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamem	lodołam	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamie	lodołam	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamie	lodołam	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołam	lodołam	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołam	lodołam	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamom	lodołam	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamowi	lodołam	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamów	lodołam	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamu	lodołam	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamy	lodołam	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamy	lodołam	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamy	lodołam	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczach	lodołamacz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczach	lodołamacz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamacza	lodołamacz	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamacza	lodołamacz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamacza	lodołamacz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczami	lodołamacz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczami	lodołamacz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamacze	lodołamacz	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamacze	lodołamacz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamacze	lodołamacz	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamacze	lodołamacz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamacze	lodołamacz	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamacze	lodołamacz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczem	lodołamacz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczem	lodołamacz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamacz	lodołamacz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamacz	lodołamacz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamacz	lodołamacz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczom	lodołamacz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczom	lodołamacz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczowi	lodołamacz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczowi	lodołamacz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczów	lodołamacz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczu	lodołamacz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczu	lodołamacz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczu	lodołamacz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lodołamaczu	lodołamacz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaczy	lodołamacz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaniach	lodołamanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamania	lodołamanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamania	lodołamanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamania	lodołamanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamania	lodołamanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaniami	lodołamanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamanie	lodołamanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamanie	lodołamanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamanie	lodołamanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaniem	lodołamanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaniom	lodołamanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaniu	lodołamanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamaniu	lodołamanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodołamań	lodołamanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadach	lodospad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadami	lodospad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadem	lodospad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospad	lodospad	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospad	lodospad	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadom	lodospad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadowi	lodospad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadów	lodospad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadu	lodospad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospady	lodospad	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospady	lodospad	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospady	lodospad	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadzie	lodospad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodospadzie	lodospad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreniach	lodoszreń	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreniami	lodoszreń	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszrenią	lodoszreń	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszrenie	lodoszreń	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszrenie	lodoszreń	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszrenie	lodoszreń	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreni	lodoszreń	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreni	lodoszreń	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreni	lodoszreń	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreni	lodoszreń	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreni	lodoszreń	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreniom	lodoszreń	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreń	lodoszreń	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodoszreń	lodoszreń	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowacąca	lodowacić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowacącą	lodowacić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lodowacącego	lodowacić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lodowacącego	lodowacić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacącej	lodowacić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowacące	lodowacić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowacące	lodowacić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacącemu	lodowacić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacąc	lodowacić	pcon:imperf		rzad.
lodowacąco	lodowacić	pacta		
lodowacących	lodowacić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowacących	lodowacić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowacący	lodowacić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowacący	lodowacić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lodowacący	lodowacić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lodowacącymi	lodowacić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowacącym	lodowacić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowacącym	lodowacić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacą	lodowacić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaceniach	lodowacić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacenia	lodowacić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacenia	lodowacić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniami	lodowacić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacenie	lodowacić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniem	lodowacić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceni	lodowacić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniom	lodowacić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniu	lodowacić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceń	lodowacić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacę	lodowacić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowacicie	lodowacić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowacić	lodowacić	inf:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciliby	lodowacić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowacilibyście	lodowacić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowacilibyśmy	lodowacić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowacili	lodowacić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
lodowacili	lodowacić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciliście	lodowacić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciliśmy	lodowacić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaci	lodowacić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłaby	lodowacić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłabym	lodowacić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłabyś	lodowacić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciła	lodowacić	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciła	lodowacić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłam	lodowacić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłaś	lodowacić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłby	lodowacić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłbym	lodowacić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłbyś	lodowacić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłem	lodowacić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłeś	lodowacić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowacił	lodowacić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
lodowacił	lodowacić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłoby	lodowacić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłobym	lodowacić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłobyś	lodowacić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciło	lodowacić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciło	lodowacić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłom	lodowacić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłoś	lodowacić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłyby	lodowacić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłybyście	lodowacić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłybyśmy	lodowacić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciły	lodowacić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciły	lodowacić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłyście	lodowacić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaciłyśmy	lodowacić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowacimy	lodowacić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowacisz	lodowacić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowacona	lodowacić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowaconą	lodowacić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lodowaconego	lodowacić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lodowaconego	lodowacić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaconej	lodowacić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowacone	lodowacić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowacone	lodowacić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaconemu	lodowacić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacono	lodowacić	imps:imperf		rzad.
lodowaconych	lodowacić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowaconych	lodowacić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowacony	lodowacić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lodowacony	lodowacić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lodowaconymi	lodowacić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowaconym	lodowacić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowaconym	lodowacić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaćcie	lodowacić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodować	lodowacić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lodowaćmy	lodowacić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lodowaceniach	lodowacieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacenia	lodowacieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacenia	lodowacieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniami	lodowacieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacenie	lodowacieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniem	lodowacieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniom	lodowacieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceniu	lodowacieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaceń	lodowacieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaciałaby	lodowacieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałabym	lodowacieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lodowaciałabyś	lodowacieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lodowaciała	lodowacieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lodowaciała	lodowacieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałam	lodowacieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lodowaciałaś	lodowacieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lodowaciałby	lodowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałbym	lodowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lodowaciałbyś	lodowacieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lodowaciałem	lodowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lodowaciałeś	lodowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lodowaciał	lodowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lodowaciał	lodowacieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałoby	lodowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałobym	lodowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lodowaciałobyś	lodowacieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lodowaciało	lodowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lodowaciało	lodowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałom	lodowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lodowaciałoś	lodowacieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lodowaciałyby	lodowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałybyście	lodowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lodowaciałybyśmy	lodowacieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lodowaciały	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lodowaciały	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lodowaciałyście	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lodowaciałyśmy	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lodowaciano	lodowacieć	imps:imperf		
lodowacieć	lodowacieć	inf:imperf		
lodowaciejąca	lodowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącą	lodowacieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącego	lodowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącego	lodowacieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącej	lodowacieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejące	lodowacieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejące	lodowacieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącemu	lodowacieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejąc	lodowacieć	pcon:imperf		
lodowaciejąco	lodowacieć	pacta		
lodowaciejących	lodowacieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejących	lodowacieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejący	lodowacieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejący	lodowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejący	lodowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącymi	lodowacieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącym	lodowacieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowaciejącym	lodowacieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowacieją	lodowacieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lodowaciejcie	lodowacieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lodowaciejecie	lodowacieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lodowacieje	lodowacieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lodowaciejemy	lodowacieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lodowaciejesz	lodowacieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lodowacieję	lodowacieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lodowaciej	lodowacieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lodowaciejmy	lodowacieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lodowacieliby	lodowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lodowacielibyście	lodowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lodowacielibyśmy	lodowacieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lodowacieli	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lodowacieli	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lodowacieliście	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lodowacieliśmy	lodowacieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lodować	lodować	inf:imperf		ryb.
lodowaliby	lodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowalibyście	lodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowalibyśmy	lodować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowali	lodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		ryb.
lodowali	lodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowaliście	lodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowaliśmy	lodować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowałaby	lodować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałabym	lodować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowałabyś	lodować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowała	lodować	praet:sg:f:imperf		ryb.
lodowała	lodować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałam	lodować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowałaś	lodować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowałby	lodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałbym	lodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowałbyś	lodować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowałem	lodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowałeś	lodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodował	lodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		ryb.
lodował	lodować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałoby	lodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałobym	lodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowałobyś	lodować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowało	lodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		ryb.
lodowało	lodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałom	lodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowałoś	lodować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowałyby	lodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałybyście	lodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowałybyśmy	lodować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowały	lodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		ryb.
lodowały	lodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodowałyście	lodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodowałyśmy	lodować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowana	lodować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowaną	lodować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lodowanego	lodować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lodowanego	lodować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowanej	lodować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lodowane	lodować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowane	lodować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowanemu	lodować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaniach	lodować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowania	lodować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowania	lodować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaniami	lodować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowanie	lodować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaniem	lodować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowani	lodować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowaniom	lodować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowaniu	lodować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodowano	lodować	imps:imperf		ryb.
lodowanych	lodować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodowanych	lodować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowany	lodować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lodowany	lodować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lodowanymi	lodować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowanym	lodować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodowanym	lodować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodowań	lodować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodująca	lodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lodującą	lodować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lodującego	lodować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lodującego	lodować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodującej	lodować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lodujące	lodować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodujące	lodować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodującemu	lodować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodując	lodować	pcon:imperf		ryb.
lodująco	lodować	pacta		
lodujących	lodować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodujących	lodować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodujący	lodować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodujący	lodować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lodujący	lodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lodującymi	lodować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodującym	lodować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodującym	lodować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodują	lodować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodujcie	lodować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodujecie	lodować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		ryb.
loduje	lodować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		ryb.
lodujemy	lodować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodujesz	lodować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		ryb.
loduję	lodować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		ryb.
loduj	lodować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		ryb.
lodujmy	lodować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		ryb.
lodowato	lodowato	adv:pos		
lodowatościach	lodowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatościami	lodowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatością	lodowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatości	lodowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatościom	lodowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatość	lodowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowatość	lodowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowaci	lodowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowata	lodowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lodowatą	lodowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lodowatą	lodowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lodowatego	lodowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lodowatego	lodowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowatej	lodowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lodowatej	lodowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lodowatej	lodowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lodowate	lodowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowate	lodowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowate	lodowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowate	lodowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowatemu	lodowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowato	lodowaty	adja		
lodowatych	lodowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowatych	lodowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowatych	lodowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowaty	lodowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lodowaty	lodowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lodowatymi	lodowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowatym	lodowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowatym	lodowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowatym	lodowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowcowościach	lodowcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowościami	lodowcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowością	lodowcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowości	lodowcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowościom	lodowcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowość	lodowcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowość	lodowcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowa	lodowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lodowcową	lodowcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lodowcową	lodowcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lodowcowego	lodowcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lodowcowego	lodowcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowcowej	lodowcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lodowcowej	lodowcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lodowcowej	lodowcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lodowcowe	lodowcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowcowe	lodowcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowcowe	lodowcowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowcowe	lodowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowcowemu	lodowcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowcowi	lodowcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowcowo	lodowcowy	adja		
lodowcowych	lodowcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowcowych	lodowcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowcowych	lodowcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowcowy	lodowcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lodowcowy	lodowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lodowcowymi	lodowcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowcowym	lodowcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowcowym	lodowcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowcowym	lodowcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowczykach	lodowczyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyka	lodowczyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczykami	lodowczyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczykiem	lodowczyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyki	lodowczyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyki	lodowczyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyki	lodowczyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyk	lodowczyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyk	lodowczyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczykom	lodowczyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczykowi	lodowczyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyków	lodowczyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyku	lodowczyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowczyku	lodowczyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicach	lodowica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowica	lodowica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicami	lodowica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicą	lodowica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowice	lodowica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowice	lodowica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowice	lodowica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicę	lodowica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowic	lodowica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowico	lodowica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicom	lodowica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicy	lodowica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicy	lodowica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowicy	lodowica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcach	lodowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowca	lodowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcami	lodowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowce	lodowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowce	lodowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowce	lodowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcem	lodowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcom	lodowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcowi	lodowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowców	lodowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcu	lodowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowcu	lodowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiec	lodowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiec	lodowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskach	lodowisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiska	lodowisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiska	lodowisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiska	lodowisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiska	lodowisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskami	lodowisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskiem	lodowisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowisk	lodowisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowisko	lodowisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowisko	lodowisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowisko	lodowisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskom	lodowisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowisku	lodowisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowisku	lodowisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowościach	lodowiskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowościami	lodowiskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowością	lodowiskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowości	lodowiskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowościom	lodowiskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowość	lodowiskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowość	lodowiskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowiskowa	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lodowiskową	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lodowiskową	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lodowiskowego	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lodowiskowego	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowiskowej	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lodowiskowej	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lodowiskowej	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lodowiskowe	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowiskowe	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowiskowe	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowiskowe	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowiskowemu	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowiskowi	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowiskowo	lodowiskowy	adja		
lodowiskowych	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowiskowych	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowiskowych	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowiskowy	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lodowiskowy	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lodowiskowymi	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowiskowym	lodowiskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowiskowym	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowiskowym	lodowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowniach	lodownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownia	lodownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowniami	lodownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownią	lodownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownie	lodownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownie	lodownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownie	lodownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownię	lodownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowni	lodownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowni	lodownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowni	lodownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowni	lodownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownio	lodownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowniom	lodownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodownikach	lodownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodownika	lodownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodownikami	lodownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodownikiem	lodownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowniki	lodownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowniki	lodownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowniki	lodownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodownik	lodownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodownik	lodownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodownikom	lodownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodownikowi	lodownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowników	lodownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowniku	lodownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowniku	lodownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowo	lodowo	adv:pos		
lodowościach	lodowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowościami	lodowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowością	lodowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowości	lodowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowościom	lodowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowość	lodowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowość	lodowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodowa	lodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lodową	lodowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lodową	lodowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lodowego	lodowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lodowego	lodowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowej	lodowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lodowej	lodowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lodowej	lodowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lodowe	lodowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowe	lodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodowe	lodowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowe	lodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lodowemu	lodowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowi	lodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowo	lodowy	adja		
lodowych	lodowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lodowych	lodowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowych	lodowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowy	lodowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lodowy	lodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lodowymi	lodowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowym	lodowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodowym	lodowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodowym	lodowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodozwale	lodozwał	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwale	lodozwał	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwałach	lodozwał	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwałami	lodozwał	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwałem	lodozwał	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwał	lodozwał	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwał	lodozwał	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwałom	lodozwał	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwałowi	lodozwał	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwałów	lodozwał	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwału	lodozwał	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwały	lodozwał	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwały	lodozwał	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodozwały	lodozwał	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodówce	lodówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówce	lodówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówek	lodówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkach	lodówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówka	lodówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkami	lodówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówką	lodówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkę	lodówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówki	lodówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówki	lodówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówki	lodówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówki	lodówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówko	lodówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkom	lodówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowościach	lodówkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowościami	lodówkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowością	lodówkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowości	lodówkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowościom	lodówkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowość	lodówkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowość	lodówkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodówkowa	lodówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lodówkową	lodówkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lodówkową	lodówkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lodówkowego	lodówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lodówkowego	lodówkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodówkowej	lodówkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lodówkowej	lodówkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lodówkowej	lodówkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lodówkowe	lodówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodówkowe	lodówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodówkowe	lodówkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lodówkowe	lodówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lodówkowemu	lodówkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodówkowi	lodówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lodówkowo	lodówkowy	adja		
lodówkowych	lodówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lodówkowych	lodówkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodówkowych	lodówkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodówkowy	lodówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lodówkowy	lodówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lodówkowymi	lodówkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodówkowym	lodówkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodówkowym	lodówkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodówkowym	lodówkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodach	lody	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lodami	lody	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lodom	lody	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lodów	lody	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lody	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lody	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lody	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarach	lodziara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziara	lodziara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziarami	lodziara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziarą	lodziara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziarę	lodziara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziar	lodziara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziaro	lodziara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziarom	lodziara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziary	lodziara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziary	lodziara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziary	lodziara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziary	lodziara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziarze	lodziara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziarze	lodziara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.
lodziarce	lodziarka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarce	lodziarka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarek	lodziarka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarkach	lodziarka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarka	lodziarka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarkami	lodziarka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarką	lodziarka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarkę	lodziarka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarki	lodziarka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarki	lodziarka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarki	lodziarka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarki	lodziarka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarko	lodziarka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarkom	lodziarka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarniach	lodziarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarnia	lodziarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarniami	lodziarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarnią	lodziarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarnie	lodziarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarnie	lodziarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarnie	lodziarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarnię	lodziarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarni	lodziarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lodziarni	lodziarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarni	lodziarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarni	lodziarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarnio	lodziarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarniom	lodziarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarń	lodziarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lodziarscy	lodziarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lodziarska	lodziarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lodziarską	lodziarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lodziarską	lodziarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lodziarskich	lodziarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lodziarskich	lodziarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodziarskich	lodziarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodziarskiego	lodziarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lodziarskiego	lodziarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodziarskiej	lodziarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lodziarskiej	lodziarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lodziarskiej	lodziarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lodziarskie	lodziarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodziarskie	lodziarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lodziarskie	lodziarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lodziarskie	lodziarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lodziarskiemu	lodziarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodziarski	lodziarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lodziarski	lodziarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lodziarskimi	lodziarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodziarskim	lodziarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lodziarskim	lodziarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodziarskim	lodziarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodziarsko	lodziarski	adja		
lodziarsku	lodziarski	adjp		
lodziarsko	lodziarsko	adv:pos		
lodziarskościach	lodziarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskościami	lodziarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskością	lodziarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskości	lodziarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskościom	lodziarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskość	lodziarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarskość	lodziarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwach	lodziarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwa	lodziarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwa	lodziarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwa	lodziarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwa	lodziarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwami	lodziarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwem	lodziarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwie	lodziarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstw	lodziarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwo	lodziarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwo	lodziarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwo	lodziarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwom	lodziarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarstwu	lodziarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzach	lodziarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzach	lodziarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarza	lodziarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarza	lodziarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarza	lodziarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarza	lodziarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzami	lodziarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzami	lodziarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarze	lodziarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarze	lodziarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarze	lodziarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarze	lodziarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarze	lodziarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarze	lodziarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarze	lodziarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarze	lodziarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzem	lodziarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzem	lodziarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarz	lodziarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarz	lodziarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzom	lodziarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzom	lodziarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzowi	lodziarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzowi	lodziarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzów	lodziarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzów	lodziarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzu	lodziarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzu	lodziarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzu	lodziarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzu	lodziarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lodziarzy	lodziarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodziarzy	lodziarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lodząca	lodzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lodzącą	lodzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lodzącego	lodzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lodzącego	lodzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodzącej	lodzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lodzące	lodzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzące	lodzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodzącemu	lodzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodząc	lodzić	pcon:imperf		
lodząco	lodzić	pacta		
lodzących	lodzić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodzących	lodzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzący	lodzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodzący	lodzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lodzący	lodzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lodzącymi	lodzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzącym	lodzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzącym	lodzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodzą	lodzić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lodzeniach	lodzić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzenia	lodzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzenia	lodzić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzeniami	lodzić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzenie	lodzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzeniem	lodzić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzeni	lodzić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodzeniom	lodzić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzeniu	lodzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzeń	lodzić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lodzę	lodzić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lodzicie	lodzić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lodzić	lodzić	inf:imperf		
lodziliby	lodzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lodzilibyście	lodzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lodzilibyśmy	lodzić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lodzili	lodzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lodzili	lodzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lodziliście	lodzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lodziliśmy	lodzić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lodzi	lodzić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lodziłaby	lodzić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lodziłabym	lodzić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lodziłabyś	lodzić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lodziła	lodzić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lodziła	lodzić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lodziłam	lodzić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lodziłaś	lodzić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lodziłby	lodzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lodziłbym	lodzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lodziłbyś	lodzić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lodziłem	lodzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lodziłeś	lodzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lodził	lodzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lodził	lodzić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lodziłoby	lodzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lodziłobym	lodzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lodziłobyś	lodzić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lodziło	lodzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lodziło	lodzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lodziłom	lodzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lodziłoś	lodzić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lodziłyby	lodzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lodziłybyście	lodzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lodziłybyśmy	lodzić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lodziły	lodzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lodziły	lodzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lodziłyście	lodzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lodziłyśmy	lodzić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lodzimy	lodzić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lodzisz	lodzić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lodzona	lodzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lodzoną	lodzić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lodzonego	lodzić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lodzonego	lodzić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodzonej	lodzić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lodzone	lodzić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzone	lodzić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodzonemu	lodzić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodzono	lodzić	imps:imperf		
lodzonych	lodzić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lodzonych	lodzić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzony	lodzić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lodzony	lodzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lodzonymi	lodzić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzonym	lodzić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lodzonym	lodzić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lodźcie	lodzić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lodź	lodzić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lodźmy	lodzić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lodzikach	lodzik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzika	lodzik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzikami	lodzik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzikiem	lodzik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodziki	lodzik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodziki	lodzik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodziki	lodzik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzik	lodzik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzik	lodzik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzikom	lodzik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzikowi	lodzik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzików	lodzik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodziku	lodzik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodziku	lodzik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodżiach	lodżia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżia	lodżia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżiami	lodżia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżią	lodżia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżie	lodżia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżie	lodżia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżie	lodżia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżię	lodżia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżii	lodżia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lodżii	lodżia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżii	lodżia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżii	lodżia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżij	lodżia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lodżio	lodżia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lodżiom	lodżia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessach	loess	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessami	loess	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessem	loess	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessie	loess	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessie	loess	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loess	loess	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loess	loess	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessom	loess	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessowi	loess	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessów	loess	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessu	loess	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessy	loess	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessy	loess	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessy	loess	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	geol.
loessowościach	loessowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowościami	loessowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowością	loessowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowości	loessowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowościom	loessowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowość	loessowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowość	loessowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loessowa	loessowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
loessową	loessowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
loessową	loessowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
loessowego	loessowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
loessowego	loessowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loessowej	loessowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
loessowej	loessowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
loessowej	loessowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
loessowe	loessowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loessowe	loessowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loessowe	loessowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
loessowe	loessowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
loessowemu	loessowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loessowi	loessowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
loessowo	loessowy	adja		
loessowych	loessowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
loessowych	loessowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loessowych	loessowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loessowy	loessowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
loessowy	loessowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
loessowymi	loessowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loessowym	loessowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loessowym	loessowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loessowym	loessowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lofiksach	lofiks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksami	lofiks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksem	lofiks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksie	lofiks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksie	lofiks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiks	lofiks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiks	lofiks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksom	lofiks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksowi	lofiks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksów	lofiks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksu	lofiks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksy	lofiks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksy	lofiks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofiksy	lofiks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofcie	loft	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofcie	loft	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftach	loft	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftami	loft	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftem	loft	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loft	loft	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loft	loft	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftom	loft	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftowi	loft	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftów	loft	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftu	loft	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofty	loft	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofty	loft	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lofty	loft	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loftce	loftka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftce	loftka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftek	loftka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkach	loftka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftka	loftka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkami	loftka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftką	loftka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkę	loftka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftki	loftka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftki	loftka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftki	loftka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftki	loftka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftko	loftka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkom	loftka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowościach	loftkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowościami	loftkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowością	loftkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowości	loftkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowościom	loftkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowość	loftkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowość	loftkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loftkowa	loftkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
loftkową	loftkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
loftkową	loftkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
loftkowego	loftkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
loftkowego	loftkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loftkowej	loftkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
loftkowej	loftkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
loftkowej	loftkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
loftkowe	loftkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loftkowe	loftkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loftkowe	loftkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
loftkowe	loftkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
loftkowemu	loftkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loftkowi	loftkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
loftkowo	loftkowy	adja		
loftkowych	loftkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
loftkowych	loftkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loftkowych	loftkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loftkowy	loftkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
loftkowy	loftkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
loftkowymi	loftkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loftkowym	loftkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loftkowym	loftkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loftkowym	loftkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logach	log	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logami	log	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logiem	log	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logi	log	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logi	log	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logi	log	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
log	log	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
log	log	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logom	log	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logowi	log	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logów	log	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logu	log	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logu	log	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logu	log	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logarytmach	logarytm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmami	logarytm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmem	logarytm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmie	logarytm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmie	logarytm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytm	logarytm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytm	logarytm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmom	logarytm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmowi	logarytm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmów	logarytm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmu	logarytm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmy	logarytm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmy	logarytm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmy	logarytm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmicznie	logarytmicznie	adv:pos		mat.
logarytmicznościach	logarytmiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmicznościami	logarytmiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmicznością	logarytmiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczności	logarytmiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmicznościom	logarytmiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczność	logarytmiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczność	logarytmiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mat.
logarytmiczna	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		mat.
logarytmiczną	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		mat.
logarytmiczną	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		mat.
logarytmicznego	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		mat.
logarytmicznego	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		mat.
logarytmicznej	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		mat.
logarytmicznej	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		mat.
logarytmicznej	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		mat.
logarytmiczne	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		mat.
logarytmiczne	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		mat.
logarytmiczne	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		mat.
logarytmiczne	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		mat.
logarytmicznemu	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		mat.
logarytmiczni	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		mat.
logarytmiczno	logarytmiczny	adja		mat.
logarytmicznych	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		mat.
logarytmicznych	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		mat.
logarytmicznych	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		mat.
logarytmiczny	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		mat.
logarytmiczny	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		mat.
logarytmicznymi	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		mat.
logarytmicznym	logarytmiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		mat.
logarytmicznym	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		mat.
logarytmicznym	logarytmiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		mat.
logarytmować	logarytmować	inf:imperf		mat.
logarytmowaliby	logarytmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowalibyście	logarytmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowalibyśmy	logarytmować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowali	logarytmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		mat.
logarytmowali	logarytmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowaliście	logarytmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowaliśmy	logarytmować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałaby	logarytmować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałabym	logarytmować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałabyś	logarytmować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowała	logarytmować	praet:sg:f:imperf		mat.
logarytmowała	logarytmować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałam	logarytmować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałaś	logarytmować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałby	logarytmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałbym	logarytmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałbyś	logarytmować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałem	logarytmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałeś	logarytmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmował	logarytmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		mat.
logarytmował	logarytmować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałoby	logarytmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałobym	logarytmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałobyś	logarytmować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowało	logarytmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		mat.
logarytmowało	logarytmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałom	logarytmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałoś	logarytmować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałyby	logarytmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałybyście	logarytmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałybyśmy	logarytmować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowały	logarytmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		mat.
logarytmowały	logarytmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałyście	logarytmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmowałyśmy	logarytmować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmowana	logarytmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowaną	logarytmować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanego	logarytmować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanego	logarytmować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanej	logarytmować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowane	logarytmować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowane	logarytmować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanemu	logarytmować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowaniach	logarytmować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowania	logarytmować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowania	logarytmować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowaniami	logarytmować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanie	logarytmować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowaniem	logarytmować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowani	logarytmować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowaniom	logarytmować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowaniu	logarytmować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowano	logarytmować	imps:imperf		mat.
logarytmowanych	logarytmować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanych	logarytmować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowany	logarytmować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowany	logarytmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanymi	logarytmować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanym	logarytmować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowanym	logarytmować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmowań	logarytmować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmująca	logarytmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującą	logarytmować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującego	logarytmować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującego	logarytmować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującej	logarytmować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmujące	logarytmować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmujące	logarytmować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującemu	logarytmować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmując	logarytmować	pcon:imperf		mat.
logarytmująco	logarytmować	pacta		mat.
logarytmujących	logarytmować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmujących	logarytmować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmujący	logarytmować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmujący	logarytmować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmujący	logarytmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującymi	logarytmować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującym	logarytmować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmującym	logarytmować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		mat.
logarytmują	logarytmować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmujcie	logarytmować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmujecie	logarytmować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmuje	logarytmować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		mat.
logarytmujemy	logarytmować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmujesz	logarytmować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmuję	logarytmować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		mat.
logarytmuj	logarytmować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		mat.
logarytmujmy	logarytmować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		mat.
logatomach	logatom	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomami	logatom	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomem	logatom	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomie	logatom	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomie	logatom	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatom	logatom	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatom	logatom	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomom	logatom	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowi	logatom	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomów	logatom	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomu	logatom	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomy	logatom	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomy	logatom	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomy	logatom	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowościach	logatomowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowościami	logatomowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowością	logatomowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowości	logatomowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowościom	logatomowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowość	logatomowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowość	logatomowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logatomowa	logatomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
logatomową	logatomowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
logatomową	logatomowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
logatomowego	logatomowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
logatomowego	logatomowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logatomowej	logatomowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
logatomowej	logatomowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
logatomowej	logatomowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
logatomowe	logatomowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logatomowe	logatomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logatomowe	logatomowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
logatomowe	logatomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
logatomowemu	logatomowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logatomowi	logatomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
logatomowo	logatomowy	adja		
logatomowych	logatomowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
logatomowych	logatomowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logatomowych	logatomowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logatomowy	logatomowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
logatomowy	logatomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
logatomowymi	logatomowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logatomowym	logatomowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logatomowym	logatomowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logatomowym	logatomowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loggiach	loggia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggia	loggia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggiami	loggia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggią	loggia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggie	loggia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggie	loggia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggie	loggia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggię	loggia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggii	loggia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
loggii	loggia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggii	loggia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggii	loggia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggij	loggia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
loggio	loggia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loggiom	loggia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmach	logicyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmami	logicyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmem	logicyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmie	logicyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmie	logicyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzm	logicyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzm	logicyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmom	logicyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmowi	logicyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmów	logicyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmu	logicyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmy	logicyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmy	logicyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logicyzmy	logicyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logiczniej	logicznie	adv:com		
logicznie	logicznie	adv:pos		
logicznościach	logiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logicznościami	logiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logicznością	logiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczności	logiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logicznościom	logiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczność	logiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczność	logiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiczna	logiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
logiczną	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
logiczną	logiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
logicznego	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
logicznego	logiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logicznej	logiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
logicznej	logiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
logicznej	logiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
logiczne	logiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logiczne	logiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logiczne	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
logiczne	logiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
logicznemu	logiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logiczniejsi	logiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
logiczniejsza	logiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
logiczniejszą	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
logiczniejszą	logiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
logiczniejszego	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
logiczniejszego	logiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
logiczniejszej	logiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
logiczniejszej	logiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
logiczniejszej	logiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
logiczniejsze	logiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
logiczniejsze	logiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
logiczniejsze	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
logiczniejsze	logiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
logiczniejszemu	logiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
logiczniejszych	logiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
logiczniejszych	logiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
logiczniejszych	logiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
logiczniejszy	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
logiczniejszy	logiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
logiczniejszymi	logiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
logiczniejszym	logiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
logiczniejszym	logiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
logiczniejszym	logiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
logiczni	logiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
logiczno	logiczny	adja		
logicznych	logiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
logicznych	logiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logicznych	logiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logiczny	logiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
logiczny	logiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
logicznymi	logiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logicznym	logiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logicznym	logiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logicznym	logiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logicy	logik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logicy	logik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logikach	logik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logika	logik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logika	logik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logikami	logik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logikiem	logik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logiki	logik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logiki	logik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logik	logik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logikom	logik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logikowi	logik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logików	logik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logików	logik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logiku	logik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logiku	logik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logice	logika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logice	logika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logikach	logika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logika	logika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logikami	logika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiką	logika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logikę	logika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiki	logika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiki	logika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiki	logika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiki	logika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logik	logika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logiko	logika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logikom	logika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loginach	login	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginami	login	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginem	login	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginie	login	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginie	login	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
login	login	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
login	login	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginom	login	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginowi	login	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginów	login	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginu	login	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginy	login	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginy	login	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loginy	login	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logistycznie	logistycznie	adv:pos		
logistycznościach	logistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistycznościami	logistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistycznością	logistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczności	logistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistycznościom	logistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczność	logistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczność	logistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyczna	logistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
logistyczną	logistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
logistyczną	logistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
logistycznego	logistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
logistycznego	logistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logistycznej	logistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
logistycznej	logistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
logistycznej	logistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
logistyczne	logistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logistyczne	logistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logistyczne	logistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
logistyczne	logistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
logistycznemu	logistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logistyczni	logistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
logistyczno	logistyczny	adja		
logistycznych	logistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
logistycznych	logistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logistycznych	logistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logistyczny	logistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
logistyczny	logistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
logistycznymi	logistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logistycznym	logistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logistycznym	logistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logistycznym	logistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logistycy	logistyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistycy	logistyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistykach	logistyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyka	logistyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyka	logistyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistykami	logistyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistykiem	logistyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyki	logistyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logistyki	logistyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logistyk	logistyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistykom	logistyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistykowi	logistyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyków	logistyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyków	logistyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyku	logistyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyku	logistyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logistyce	logistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyce	logistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistykach	logistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyka	logistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistykami	logistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyką	logistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistykę	logistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyki	logistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyki	logistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyki	logistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyki	logistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyk	logistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistyko	logistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logistykom	logistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacjach	logizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacja	logizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacjami	logizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacją	logizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacje	logizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacje	logizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacje	logizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizację	logizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacji	logizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
logizacji	logizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacji	logizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacji	logizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacjo	logizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacjom	logizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logizacyj	logizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
logizować	logizować	inf:imperf		psych.
logizowaliby	logizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowalibyście	logizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowalibyśmy	logizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowali	logizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		psych.
logizowali	logizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowaliście	logizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowaliśmy	logizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowałaby	logizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałabym	logizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowałabyś	logizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowała	logizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		psych.
logizowała	logizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałam	logizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowałaś	logizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowałby	logizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałbym	logizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowałbyś	logizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowałem	logizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowałeś	logizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		psych.
logizował	logizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		psych.
logizował	logizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałoby	logizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałobym	logizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowałobyś	logizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowało	logizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		psych.
logizowało	logizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałom	logizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowałoś	logizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowałyby	logizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałybyście	logizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowałybyśmy	logizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowały	logizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		psych.
logizowały	logizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		psych.
logizowałyście	logizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		psych.
logizowałyśmy	logizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		psych.
logizowana	logizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
logizowaną	logizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
logizowanego	logizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
logizowanego	logizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizowanej	logizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
logizowane	logizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizowane	logizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizowanemu	logizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizowaniach	logizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowania	logizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowania	logizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowaniami	logizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowanie	logizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowaniem	logizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowani	logizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logizowaniom	logizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowaniu	logizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
logizowano	logizować	imps:imperf		psych.
logizowanych	logizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logizowanych	logizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizowany	logizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
logizowany	logizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
logizowanymi	logizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizowanym	logizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizowanym	logizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizowań	logizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
logizująca	logizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
logizującą	logizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
logizującego	logizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
logizującego	logizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizującej	logizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
logizujące	logizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizujące	logizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizującemu	logizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizując	logizować	pcon:imperf		psych.
logizująco	logizować	pacta		
logizujących	logizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logizujących	logizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizujący	logizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logizujący	logizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
logizujący	logizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
logizującymi	logizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizującym	logizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logizującym	logizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logizują	logizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		psych.
logizujcie	logizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		psych.
logizujecie	logizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		psych.
logizuje	logizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		psych.
logizujemy	logizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		psych.
logizujesz	logizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		psych.
logizuję	logizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		psych.
logizuj	logizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		psych.
logizujmy	logizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		psych.
loglinach	loglina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglina	loglina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglinami	loglina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
logliną	loglina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglinę	loglina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglinie	loglina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglinie	loglina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglin	loglina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglino	loglina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
loglinom	loglina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
logliny	loglina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
logliny	loglina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
logliny	loglina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
logliny	loglina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
logach	logo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
loga	logo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
loga	logo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
loga	logo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
loga	logo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logami	logo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logiem	logo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
log	logo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logo	logo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logo	logo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logo	logo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
logo	logo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logom	logo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logu	logo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logu	logo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
logofecie	logofet	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofecie	logofet	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofeci	logofet	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofeci	logofet	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofetach	logofet	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofeta	logofet	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofeta	logofet	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofetami	logofet	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofetem	logofet	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofet	logofet	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofetom	logofet	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofetowi	logofet	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofetów	logofet	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofetów	logofet	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logofety	logofet	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logofety	logofet	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logografach	logograf	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografa	logograf	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografa	logograf	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografami	logograf	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografem	logograf	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografie	logograf	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografie	logograf	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logograf	logograf	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografom	logograf	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografowie	logograf	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografowie	logograf	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografowi	logograf	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografów	logograf	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografów	logograf	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logografy	logograf	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logografy	logograf	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logogramach	logogram	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramami	logogram	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramem	logogram	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramie	logogram	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramie	logogram	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogram	logogram	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogram	logogram	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramom	logogram	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramowi	logogram	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramów	logogram	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramu	logogram	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramy	logogram	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramy	logogram	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogramy	logogram	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfach	logogryf	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfami	logogryf	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfem	logogryf	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfie	logogryf	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfie	logogryf	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryf	logogryf	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryf	logogryf	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfom	logogryf	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfowi	logogryf	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfów	logogryf	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfu	logogryf	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfy	logogryf	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfy	logogryf	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logogryfy	logogryf	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logomachiach	logomachia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachia	logomachia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachiami	logomachia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachią	logomachia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachie	logomachia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachie	logomachia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachie	logomachia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachię	logomachia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachii	logomachia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
logomachii	logomachia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachii	logomachia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachii	logomachia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachij	logomachia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
logomachio	logomachia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logomachiom	logomachia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logometrach	logometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometrami	logometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometrem	logometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometr	logometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometr	logometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometrom	logometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometrowi	logometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometrów	logometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometru	logometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometry	logometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometry	logometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometry	logometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometrze	logometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logometrze	logometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonach	logon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonami	logon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonem	logon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonie	logon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonie	logon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logon	logon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logon	logon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonom	logon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonowi	logon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonów	logon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logonu	logon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logony	logon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logony	logon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logony	logon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logopatiach	logopatia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatia	logopatia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatiami	logopatia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatią	logopatia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatie	logopatia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatie	logopatia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatie	logopatia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatię	logopatia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatii	logopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
logopatii	logopatia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatii	logopatia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatii	logopatia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatio	logopatia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatiom	logopatia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatyj	logopatia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
logopatolodzy	logopatolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatolodzy	logopatolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologach	logopatolog	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologa	logopatolog	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologa	logopatolog	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologami	logopatolog	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologiem	logopatolog	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologi	logopatolog	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologi	logopatolog	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logopatolog	logopatolog	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologom	logopatolog	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologowie	logopatolog	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologowie	logopatolog	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologowi	logopatolog	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologów	logopatolog	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologów	logopatolog	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologu	logopatolog	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologu	logopatolog	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologiach	logopatologia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologia	logopatologia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologiami	logopatologia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologią	logopatologia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologie	logopatologia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologie	logopatologia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologie	logopatologia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologię	logopatologia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologii	logopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
logopatologii	logopatologia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologii	logopatologia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologii	logopatologia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologij	logopatologia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
logopatologio	logopatologia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopatologiom	logopatologia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedach	logopeda	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopeda	logopeda	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedami	logopeda	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedą	logopeda	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedę	logopeda	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedo	logopeda	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedom	logopeda	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedów	logopeda	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedów	logopeda	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedy	logopeda	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logopedy	logopeda	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logopedy	logopeda	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedzie	logopeda	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedzie	logopeda	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedzi	logopeda	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopedzi	logopeda	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logopediach	logopedia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedia	logopedia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopediami	logopedia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedią	logopedia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedie	logopedia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedie	logopedia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedie	logopedia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedię	logopedia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedii	logopedia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
logopedii	logopedia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedii	logopedia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedii	logopedia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedio	logopedia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopediom	logopedia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyj	logopedia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
logopedce	logopedka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedce	logopedka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedek	logopedka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedkach	logopedka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedka	logopedka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedkami	logopedka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedką	logopedka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedkę	logopedka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedki	logopedka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedki	logopedka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedki	logopedka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedki	logopedka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedko	logopedka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedkom	logopedka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedycznościach	logopedyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedycznościami	logopedyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedycznością	logopedyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczności	logopedyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedycznościom	logopedyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczność	logopedyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczność	logopedyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logopedyczna	logopedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
logopedyczną	logopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
logopedyczną	logopedyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
logopedycznego	logopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
logopedycznego	logopedyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logopedycznej	logopedyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
logopedycznej	logopedyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
logopedycznej	logopedyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
logopedyczne	logopedyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logopedyczne	logopedyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
logopedyczne	logopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
logopedyczne	logopedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
logopedycznemu	logopedyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logopedyczni	logopedyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
logopedyczno	logopedyczny	adja		
logopedycznych	logopedyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
logopedycznych	logopedyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logopedycznych	logopedyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logopedyczny	logopedyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
logopedyczny	logopedyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
logopedycznymi	logopedyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logopedycznym	logopedyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
logopedycznym	logopedyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logopedycznym	logopedyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
logoreach	logorea	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logorea	logorea	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoreami	logorea	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoreą	logorea	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoree	logorea	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoree	logorea	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoree	logorea	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoreę	logorea	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logorei	logorea	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logorei	logorea	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logorei	logorea	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
logorei	logorea	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoreo	logorea	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
logoreom	logorea	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
logosach	logos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosami	logos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosem	logos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosie	logos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosie	logos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logos	logos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logos	logos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosom	logos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosowi	logos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosów	logos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosu	logos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosy	logos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosy	logos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logosy	logos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotecie	logoteta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotecie	logoteta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logoteci	logoteta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logoteci	logoteta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotetach	logoteta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logoteta	logoteta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotetami	logoteta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotetą	logoteta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotetę	logoteta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logoteto	logoteta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotetom	logoteta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotetów	logoteta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotetów	logoteta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotety	logoteta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logotety	logoteta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
logotety	logoteta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
logotypach	logotyp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypami	logotyp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypem	logotyp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypie	logotyp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypie	logotyp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotyp	logotyp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotyp	logotyp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypom	logotyp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypowi	logotyp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypów	logotyp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypu	logotyp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypy	logotyp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypy	logotyp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logotypy	logotyp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
logować	logować	inf:imperf		komp.
logowaliby	logować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		komp.
logowalibyście	logować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		komp.
logowalibyśmy	logować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		komp.
logowali	logować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		komp.
logowali	logować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		komp.
logowaliście	logować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		komp.
logowaliśmy	logować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		komp.
logowałaby	logować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałabym	logować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		komp.
logowałabyś	logować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		komp.
logowała	logować	praet:sg:f:imperf		komp.
logowała	logować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałam	logować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		komp.
logowałaś	logować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		komp.
logowałby	logować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałbym	logować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		komp.
logowałbyś	logować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		komp.
logowałem	logować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		komp.
logowałeś	logować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		komp.
logował	logować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		komp.
logował	logować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałoby	logować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałobym	logować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		komp.
logowałobyś	logować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		komp.
logowało	logować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		komp.
logowało	logować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałom	logować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		komp.
logowałoś	logować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		komp.
logowałyby	logować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałybyście	logować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		komp.
logowałybyśmy	logować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		komp.
logowały	logować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		komp.
logowały	logować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		komp.
logowałyście	logować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		komp.
logowałyśmy	logować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		komp.
logowana	logować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
logowaną	logować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
logowanego	logować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
logowanego	logować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logowanej	logować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
logowane	logować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logowane	logować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logowanemu	logować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logowaniach	logować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
logowania	logować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
logowania	logować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
logowaniami	logować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
logowanie	logować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
logowaniem	logować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
logowani	logować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logowaniom	logować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
logowaniu	logować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
logowano	logować	imps:imperf		komp.
logowanych	logować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logowanych	logować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logowany	logować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
logowany	logować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
logowanymi	logować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logowanym	logować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logowanym	logować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logowań	logować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
logująca	logować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
logującą	logować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
logującego	logować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
logującego	logować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logującej	logować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
logujące	logować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logujące	logować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logującemu	logować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logując	logować	pcon:imperf		komp.
logująco	logować	pacta		
logujących	logować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logujących	logować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logujący	logować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
logujący	logować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
logujący	logować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
logującymi	logować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logującym	logować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
logującym	logować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
logują	logować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		komp.
logujcie	logować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		komp.
logujecie	logować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		komp.
loguje	logować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		komp.
logujemy	logować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		komp.
logujesz	logować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		komp.
loguję	logować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		komp.
loguj	logować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		komp.
logujmy	logować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		komp.
loicznościach	loiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loicznościami	loiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loicznością	loiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczności	loiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loicznościom	loiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczność	loiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczność	loiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiczna	loiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
loiczną	loiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
loiczną	loiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
loicznego	loiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
loicznego	loiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
loicznej	loiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
loicznej	loiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
loicznej	loiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
loiczne	loiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
loiczne	loiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
loiczne	loiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
loiczne	loiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
loicznemu	loiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
loiczni	loiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
loiczno	loiczny	adja		daw.
loicznych	loiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
loicznych	loiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
loicznych	loiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
loiczny	loiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
loiczny	loiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
loicznymi	loiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
loicznym	loiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
loicznym	loiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
loicznym	loiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
loice	loika	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loice	loika	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loikach	loika	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loika	loika	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loikami	loika	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiką	loika	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loikę	loika	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiki	loika	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiki	loika	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiki	loika	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiki	loika	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loik	loika	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loiko	loika	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loikom	loika	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lojalistach	lojalista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalista	lojalista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistami	lojalista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistą	lojalista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistę	lojalista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalisto	lojalista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistom	lojalista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistów	lojalista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistów	lojalista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalisty	lojalista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lojalisty	lojalista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lojalisty	lojalista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojaliście	lojalista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojaliście	lojalista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojaliści	lojalista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojaliści	lojalista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistce	lojalistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistce	lojalistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistek	lojalistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistkach	lojalistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistka	lojalistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistkami	lojalistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistką	lojalistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistkę	lojalistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistki	lojalistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistki	lojalistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistki	lojalistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistki	lojalistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistko	lojalistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistkom	lojalistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistycznościach	lojalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistycznościami	lojalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistycznością	lojalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczności	lojalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistycznościom	lojalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczność	lojalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczność	lojalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalistyczna	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lojalistyczną	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lojalistyczną	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lojalistycznego	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lojalistycznego	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalistycznej	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lojalistycznej	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lojalistycznej	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lojalistyczne	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lojalistyczne	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lojalistyczne	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lojalistyczne	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lojalistycznemu	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalistyczni	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lojalistyczno	lojalistyczny	adja		
lojalistycznych	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lojalistycznych	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalistycznych	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalistyczny	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lojalistyczny	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lojalistycznymi	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalistycznym	lojalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalistycznym	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalistycznym	lojalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalizmach	lojalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmami	lojalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmem	lojalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmie	lojalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmie	lojalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizm	lojalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizm	lojalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmom	lojalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmowi	lojalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmów	lojalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmu	lojalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmy	lojalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmy	lojalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalizmy	lojalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lojalce	lojalka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalce	lojalka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalek	lojalka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalkach	lojalka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalka	lojalka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalkami	lojalka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalką	lojalka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalkę	lojalka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalki	lojalka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalki	lojalka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalki	lojalka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalki	lojalka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalko	lojalka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalkom	lojalka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lojalniej	lojalnie	adv:com		
lojalnie	lojalnie	adv:pos		
lojalnościowościach	lojalnościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowościami	lojalnościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowością	lojalnościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowości	lojalnościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowościom	lojalnościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowość	lojalnościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowość	lojalnościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościowa	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lojalnościową	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lojalnościową	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lojalnościowego	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lojalnościowego	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalnościowej	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lojalnościowej	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lojalnościowej	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lojalnościowe	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnościowe	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnościowe	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lojalnościowe	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lojalnościowemu	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalnościowi	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lojalnościowo	lojalnościowy	adja		
lojalnościowych	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lojalnościowych	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnościowych	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnościowy	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lojalnościowy	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lojalnościowymi	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnościowym	lojalnościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnościowym	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalnościowym	lojalnościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalnościach	lojalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościami	lojalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnością	lojalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalności	lojalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalnościom	lojalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalność	lojalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalność	lojalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lojalna	lojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lojalną	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lojalną	lojalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lojalnego	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lojalnego	lojalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalnej	lojalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lojalnej	lojalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lojalnej	lojalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lojalne	lojalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lojalne	lojalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lojalne	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lojalne	lojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lojalnemu	lojalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalniejsi	lojalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lojalniejsza	lojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lojalniejszą	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lojalniejszą	lojalny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lojalniejszego	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lojalniejszego	lojalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lojalniejszej	lojalny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lojalniejszej	lojalny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lojalniejszej	lojalny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lojalniejsze	lojalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lojalniejsze	lojalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lojalniejsze	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lojalniejsze	lojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lojalniejszemu	lojalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lojalniejszych	lojalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lojalniejszych	lojalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lojalniejszych	lojalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lojalniejszy	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lojalniejszy	lojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lojalniejszymi	lojalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lojalniejszym	lojalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lojalniejszym	lojalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lojalniejszym	lojalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lojalni	lojalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lojalno	lojalny	adja		
lojalnych	lojalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lojalnych	lojalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnych	lojalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalny	lojalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lojalny	lojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lojalnymi	lojalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnym	lojalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lojalnym	lojalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lojalnym	lojalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokach	lok	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loka	lok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokami	lok	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokiem	lok	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loki	lok	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loki	lok	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loki	lok	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lok	lok	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lok	lok	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokom	lok	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokowi	lok	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loków	lok	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loku	lok	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loku	lok	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loku	lok	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokacjach	lokacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacja	lokacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacjami	lokacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacją	lokacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacje	lokacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacje	lokacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacje	lokacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokację	lokacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacji	lokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lokacji	lokacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacji	lokacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacji	lokacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacjo	lokacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacjom	lokacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyj	lokacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lokacyjnościach	lokacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjnościami	lokacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjnością	lokacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjności	lokacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjnościom	lokacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjność	lokacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjność	lokacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacyjna	lokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokacyjną	lokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokacyjną	lokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokacyjnego	lokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokacyjnego	lokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokacyjnej	lokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokacyjnej	lokacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokacyjnej	lokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokacyjne	lokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokacyjne	lokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokacyjne	lokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokacyjne	lokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokacyjnemu	lokacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokacyjni	lokacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokacyjno	lokacyjny	adja		
lokacyjnych	lokacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokacyjnych	lokacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokacyjnych	lokacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokacyjny	lokacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokacyjny	lokacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokacyjnymi	lokacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokacyjnym	lokacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokacyjnym	lokacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokacyjnym	lokacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokaikach	lokaik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaika	lokaik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaika	lokaik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaikami	lokaik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaikiem	lokaik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaiki	lokaik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokaiki	lokaik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokaik	lokaik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaikom	lokaik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaikowie	lokaik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaikowie	lokaik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaikowi	lokaik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaików	lokaik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaików	lokaik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaiku	lokaik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaiku	lokaik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokai	lokaj	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokai	lokaj	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajach	lokaj	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaja	lokaj	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaja	lokaj	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajami	lokaj	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaje	lokaj	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokaje	lokaj	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokaje	lokaj	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaje	lokaj	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajem	lokaj	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaj	lokaj	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajom	lokaj	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajowi	lokaj	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajów	lokaj	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajów	lokaj	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaju	lokaj	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokaju	lokaj	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczukach	lokajczuk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuka	lokajczuk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuka	lokajczuk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczukami	lokajczuk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczukiem	lokajczuk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuki	lokajczuk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuki	lokajczuk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuk	lokajczuk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczukom	lokajczuk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczukowie	lokajczuk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczukowie	lokajczuk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczukowi	lokajczuk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuków	lokajczuk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuków	lokajczuk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuku	lokajczuk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczuku	lokajczuk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczycy	lokajczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczycy	lokajczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczykach	lokajczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyka	lokajczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyka	lokajczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczykami	lokajczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczykiem	lokajczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyki	lokajczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyki	lokajczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyk	lokajczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczykom	lokajczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczykowie	lokajczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczykowie	lokajczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczykowi	lokajczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyków	lokajczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyków	lokajczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyku	lokajczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajczyku	lokajczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokajscy	lokajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokajska	lokajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokajską	lokajski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokajską	lokajski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokajskich	lokajski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokajskich	lokajski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokajskich	lokajski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokajskiego	lokajski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokajskiego	lokajski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokajskiej	lokajski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokajskiej	lokajski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokajskiej	lokajski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokajskie	lokajski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokajskie	lokajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokajskie	lokajski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokajskie	lokajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokajskiemu	lokajski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokajski	lokajski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokajski	lokajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokajskimi	lokajski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokajskim	lokajski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokajskim	lokajski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokajskim	lokajski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokajsko	lokajski	adja		
lokajsku	lokajski	adjp		
lokajsko	lokajsko	adv:pos		
lokajskościach	lokajskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskościami	lokajskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskością	lokajskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskości	lokajskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskościom	lokajskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskość	lokajskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajskość	lokajskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwach	lokajstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwa	lokajstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwa	lokajstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwa	lokajstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwa	lokajstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwami	lokajstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwem	lokajstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwie	lokajstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstw	lokajstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwo	lokajstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwo	lokajstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwo	lokajstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwom	lokajstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokajstwu	lokajstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokalach	lokal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalami	lokal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokale	lokal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokale	lokal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokale	lokal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalem	lokal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokali	lokal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokal	lokal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokal	lokal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalom	lokal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowi	lokal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalów	lokal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalu	lokal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalu	lokal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalu	lokal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalikach	lokalik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalikami	lokalik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalikiem	lokalik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaliki	lokalik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaliki	lokalik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaliki	lokalik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalik	lokalik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalik	lokalik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalikom	lokalik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalikowi	lokalik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalików	lokalik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaliku	lokalik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaliku	lokalik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaliku	lokalik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacjach	lokalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacja	lokalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacjami	lokalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacją	lokalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacje	lokalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacje	lokalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacje	lokalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizację	lokalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacji	lokalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lokalizacji	lokalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacji	lokalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacji	lokalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacjo	lokalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacjom	lokalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyj	lokalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lokalizacyjnościach	lokalizacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjnościami	lokalizacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjnością	lokalizacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjności	lokalizacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjnościom	lokalizacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjność	lokalizacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjność	lokalizacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizacyjna	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokalizacyjną	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokalizacyjną	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokalizacyjnego	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokalizacyjnego	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalizacyjnej	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokalizacyjnej	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokalizacyjnej	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokalizacyjne	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokalizacyjne	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokalizacyjne	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokalizacyjne	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokalizacyjnemu	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalizacyjni	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokalizacyjno	lokalizacyjny	adja		
lokalizacyjnych	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokalizacyjnych	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalizacyjnych	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalizacyjny	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokalizacyjny	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokalizacyjnymi	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalizacyjnym	lokalizacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalizacyjnym	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalizacyjnym	lokalizacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalizatorach	lokalizator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatora	lokalizator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatora	lokalizator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorami	lokalizator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorem	lokalizator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizator	lokalizator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorom	lokalizator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorowi	lokalizator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorów	lokalizator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorów	lokalizator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatory	lokalizator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatory	lokalizator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorze	lokalizator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorze	lokalizator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorzy	lokalizator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizatorzy	lokalizator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmach	lokalizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmami	lokalizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmem	lokalizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmie	lokalizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmie	lokalizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizm	lokalizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizm	lokalizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmom	lokalizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmowi	lokalizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmów	lokalizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmu	lokalizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmy	lokalizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmy	lokalizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizmy	lokalizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokalizować	lokalizować	inf:imperf		
lokalizowaliby	lokalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lokalizowalibyście	lokalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lokalizowalibyśmy	lokalizować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lokalizowali	lokalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lokalizowali	lokalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lokalizowaliście	lokalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lokalizowaliśmy	lokalizować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lokalizowałaby	lokalizować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałabym	lokalizować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lokalizowałabyś	lokalizować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lokalizowała	lokalizować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lokalizowała	lokalizować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałam	lokalizować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lokalizowałaś	lokalizować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lokalizowałby	lokalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałbym	lokalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lokalizowałbyś	lokalizować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lokalizowałem	lokalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lokalizowałeś	lokalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lokalizował	lokalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lokalizował	lokalizować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałoby	lokalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałobym	lokalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lokalizowałobyś	lokalizować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lokalizowało	lokalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lokalizowało	lokalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałom	lokalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lokalizowałoś	lokalizować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lokalizowałyby	lokalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałybyście	lokalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lokalizowałybyśmy	lokalizować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lokalizowały	lokalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lokalizowały	lokalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lokalizowałyście	lokalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lokalizowałyśmy	lokalizować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lokalizowana	lokalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lokalizowaną	lokalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanego	lokalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanego	lokalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanej	lokalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lokalizowane	lokalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizowane	lokalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanemu	lokalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowaniach	lokalizować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowania	lokalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowania	lokalizować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowaniami	lokalizować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanie	lokalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowaniem	lokalizować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowani	lokalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokalizowaniom	lokalizować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowaniu	lokalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowano	lokalizować	imps:imperf		
lokalizowanych	lokalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanych	lokalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizowany	lokalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lokalizowany	lokalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanymi	lokalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanym	lokalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizowanym	lokalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizowań	lokalizować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizująca	lokalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lokalizującą	lokalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lokalizującego	lokalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lokalizującego	lokalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizującej	lokalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lokalizujące	lokalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizujące	lokalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizującemu	lokalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizując	lokalizować	pcon:imperf		
lokalizująco	lokalizować	pacta		
lokalizujących	lokalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokalizujących	lokalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizujący	lokalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokalizujący	lokalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lokalizujący	lokalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lokalizującymi	lokalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizującym	lokalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokalizującym	lokalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokalizują	lokalizować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lokalizujcie	lokalizować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lokalizujecie	lokalizować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lokalizuje	lokalizować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lokalizujemy	lokalizować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lokalizujesz	lokalizować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lokalizuję	lokalizować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lokalizuj	lokalizować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lokalizujmy	lokalizować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lokalnie	lokalnie	adv:pos		
lokalnościach	lokalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalnościami	lokalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalnością	lokalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalności	lokalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalnościom	lokalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalność	lokalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalność	lokalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalna	lokalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokalną	lokalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokalną	lokalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokalnego	lokalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokalnego	lokalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalnej	lokalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokalnej	lokalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokalnej	lokalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokalne	lokalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokalne	lokalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokalne	lokalny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokalne	lokalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokalnemu	lokalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalni	lokalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokalno	lokalny	adja		
lokalnych	lokalny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokalnych	lokalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalnych	lokalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalny	lokalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokalny	lokalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokalnymi	lokalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalnym	lokalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalnym	lokalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalnym	lokalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalowościach	lokalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowościami	lokalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowością	lokalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowości	lokalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowościom	lokalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowość	lokalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowość	lokalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalowa	lokalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokalową	lokalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokalową	lokalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokalowego	lokalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokalowego	lokalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalowej	lokalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokalowej	lokalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokalowej	lokalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokalowe	lokalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokalowe	lokalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokalowe	lokalowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokalowe	lokalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokalowemu	lokalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalowi	lokalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokalowo	lokalowy	adja		
lokalowych	lokalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokalowych	lokalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalowych	lokalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalowy	lokalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokalowy	lokalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokalowymi	lokalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalowym	lokalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokalowym	lokalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalowym	lokalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokalówce	lokalówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówce	lokalówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówek	lokalówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówkach	lokalówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówka	lokalówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówkami	lokalówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówką	lokalówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówkę	lokalówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówki	lokalówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówki	lokalówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówki	lokalówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówki	lokalówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówko	lokalówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokalówkom	lokalówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokandach	lokanda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokanda	lokanda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandami	lokanda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandą	lokanda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandę	lokanda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokand	lokanda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokando	lokanda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandom	lokanda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandy	lokanda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandy	lokanda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandy	lokanda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandy	lokanda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandzie	lokanda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokandzie	lokanda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokarneńscy	lokarneński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokarneńska	lokarneński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokarneńską	lokarneński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokarneńską	lokarneński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokarneńskich	lokarneński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokarneńskich	lokarneński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokarneńskich	lokarneński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokarneńskiego	lokarneński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokarneńskiego	lokarneński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokarneńskiej	lokarneński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokarneńskiej	lokarneński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokarneńskiej	lokarneński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokarneńskie	lokarneński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokarneńskie	lokarneński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokarneńskie	lokarneński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokarneńskie	lokarneński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokarneńskiemu	lokarneński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokarneński	lokarneński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokarneński	lokarneński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokarneńskimi	lokarneński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokarneńskim	lokarneński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokarneńskim	lokarneński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokarneńskim	lokarneński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokarneńsko	lokarneński	adja		
lokarneńsku	lokarneński	adjp		
lokarneńsko	lokarneńsko	adv:pos		
lokarneńskościach	lokarneńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskościami	lokarneńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskością	lokarneńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskości	lokarneńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskościom	lokarneńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskość	lokarneńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokarneńskość	lokarneńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacie	lokat	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokacie	lokat	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokaci	lokat	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokaci	lokat	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatach	lokat	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokata	lokat	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokata	lokat	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatami	lokat	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatem	lokat	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokat	lokat	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatom	lokat	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatowi	lokat	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatów	lokat	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatów	lokat	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokaty	lokat	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokaty	lokat	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokacie	lokata	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokacie	lokata	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatach	lokata	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokata	lokata	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatami	lokata	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatą	lokata	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatę	lokata	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokat	lokata	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokato	lokata	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatom	lokata	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokaty	lokata	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokaty	lokata	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokaty	lokata	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokaty	lokata	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatariuszach	lokatariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariusza	lokatariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariusza	lokatariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszami	lokatariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariusze	lokatariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariusze	lokatariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariusze	lokatariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariusze	lokatariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszem	lokatariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariusz	lokatariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszom	lokatariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszowi	lokatariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszów	lokatariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszów	lokatariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszu	lokatariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszu	lokatariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszy	lokatariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatariuszy	lokatariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lokatiwach	lokatiwus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwami	lokatiwus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwem	lokatiwus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwie	lokatiwus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwie	lokatiwus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwom	lokatiwus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwowi	lokatiwus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwów	lokatiwus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwu	lokatiwus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwus	lokatiwus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwus	lokatiwus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwy	lokatiwus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwy	lokatiwus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatiwy	lokatiwus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorach	lokator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatora	lokator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatora	lokator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorami	lokator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorem	lokator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokator	lokator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorom	lokator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorowie	lokator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorowie	lokator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorowi	lokator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorów	lokator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorów	lokator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatory	lokator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokatory	lokator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorze	lokator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorze	lokator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorzy	lokator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorzy	lokator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorce	lokatorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorce	lokatorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorek	lokatorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorkach	lokatorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorka	lokatorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorkami	lokatorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorką	lokatorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorkę	lokatorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorki	lokatorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorki	lokatorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorki	lokatorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorki	lokatorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorko	lokatorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorkom	lokatorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorscy	lokatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokatorska	lokatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokatorską	lokatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokatorską	lokatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokatorskich	lokatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokatorskich	lokatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatorskich	lokatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatorskiego	lokatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokatorskiego	lokatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatorskiej	lokatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokatorskiej	lokatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokatorskiej	lokatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokatorskie	lokatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokatorskie	lokatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokatorskie	lokatorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokatorskie	lokatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokatorskiemu	lokatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatorski	lokatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokatorski	lokatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokatorskimi	lokatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatorskim	lokatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatorskim	lokatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatorskim	lokatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatorsko	lokatorski	adja		
lokatorsku	lokatorski	adjp		
lokatorsko	lokatorsko	adv:pos		
lokatorskościach	lokatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskościami	lokatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskością	lokatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskości	lokatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskościom	lokatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskość	lokatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatorskość	lokatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatowa	lokatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokatową	lokatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokatową	lokatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokatowego	lokatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokatowego	lokatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatowej	lokatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokatowej	lokatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokatowej	lokatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokatowe	lokatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokatowe	lokatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokatowe	lokatowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokatowe	lokatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokatowemu	lokatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatowi	lokatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokatowo	lokatowy	adja		
lokatowych	lokatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokatowych	lokatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatowych	lokatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatowy	lokatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokatowy	lokatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokatowymi	lokatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatowym	lokatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatowym	lokatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatowym	lokatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatywnościach	lokatywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywnościami	lokatywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywnością	lokatywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywności	lokatywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywnościom	lokatywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywność	lokatywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywność	lokatywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokatywna	lokatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokatywną	lokatywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokatywną	lokatywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokatywnego	lokatywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokatywnego	lokatywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatywnej	lokatywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokatywnej	lokatywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokatywnej	lokatywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokatywne	lokatywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokatywne	lokatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokatywne	lokatywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokatywne	lokatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokatywnemu	lokatywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatywni	lokatywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokatywno	lokatywny	adja		
lokatywnych	lokatywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokatywnych	lokatywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatywnych	lokatywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatywny	lokatywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokatywny	lokatywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokatywnymi	lokatywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatywnym	lokatywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokatywnym	lokatywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokatywnym	lokatywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokaucie	lokaut	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaucie	lokaut	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautach	lokaut	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautami	lokaut	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautem	lokaut	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaut	lokaut	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokaut	lokaut	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautom	lokaut	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowi	lokaut	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautów	lokaut	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautu	lokaut	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokauty	lokaut	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokauty	lokaut	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokauty	lokaut	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lokautować	lokautować	inf:imperf		hist.
lokautowaliby	lokautować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowalibyście	lokautować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowalibyśmy	lokautować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowali	lokautować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		hist.
lokautowali	lokautować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowaliście	lokautować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowaliśmy	lokautować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowałaby	lokautować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałabym	lokautować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowałabyś	lokautować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowała	lokautować	praet:sg:f:imperf		hist.
lokautowała	lokautować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałam	lokautować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowałaś	lokautować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowałby	lokautować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałbym	lokautować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowałbyś	lokautować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowałem	lokautować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowałeś	lokautować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautował	lokautować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		hist.
lokautował	lokautować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałoby	lokautować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałobym	lokautować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowałobyś	lokautować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowało	lokautować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		hist.
lokautowało	lokautować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałom	lokautować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowałoś	lokautować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowałyby	lokautować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałybyście	lokautować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowałybyśmy	lokautować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowały	lokautować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		hist.
lokautowały	lokautować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautowałyście	lokautować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautowałyśmy	lokautować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowana	lokautować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lokautowaną	lokautować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lokautowanego	lokautować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lokautowanego	lokautować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowanej	lokautować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lokautowane	lokautować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautowane	lokautować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowanemu	lokautować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowaniach	lokautować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowania	lokautować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowania	lokautować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowaniami	lokautować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowanie	lokautować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowaniem	lokautować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowani	lokautować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokautowaniom	lokautować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowaniu	lokautować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowano	lokautować	imps:imperf		hist.
lokautowanych	lokautować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokautowanych	lokautować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautowany	lokautować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lokautowany	lokautować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lokautowanymi	lokautować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautowanym	lokautować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautowanym	lokautować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautowań	lokautować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lokautująca	lokautować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lokautującą	lokautować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lokautującego	lokautować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lokautującego	lokautować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautującej	lokautować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lokautujące	lokautować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautujące	lokautować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautującemu	lokautować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautując	lokautować	pcon:imperf		hist.
lokautująco	lokautować	pacta		
lokautujących	lokautować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokautujących	lokautować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautujący	lokautować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokautujący	lokautować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lokautujący	lokautować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lokautującymi	lokautować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautującym	lokautować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokautującym	lokautować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokautują	lokautować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautujcie	lokautować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautujecie	lokautować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautuje	lokautować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		hist.
lokautujemy	lokautować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautujesz	lokautować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautuję	lokautować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautuj	lokautować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		hist.
lokautujmy	lokautować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		hist.
lokautowościach	lokautowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowościami	lokautowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowością	lokautowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowości	lokautowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowościom	lokautowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowość	lokautowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowość	lokautowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokautowa	lokautowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokautową	lokautowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokautową	lokautowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokautowego	lokautowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokautowego	lokautowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokautowej	lokautowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokautowej	lokautowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokautowej	lokautowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokautowe	lokautowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokautowe	lokautowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokautowe	lokautowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokautowe	lokautowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokautowemu	lokautowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokautowi	lokautowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokautowo	lokautowy	adja		
lokautowych	lokautowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokautowych	lokautowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokautowych	lokautowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokautowy	lokautowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokautowy	lokautowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokautowymi	lokautowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokautowym	lokautowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokautowym	lokautowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokautowym	lokautowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loko	loko	prep:nom		
lokomobilach	lokomobila	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobila	lokomobila	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilami	lokomobila	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilą	lokomobila	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobile	lokomobila	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobile	lokomobila	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobile	lokomobila	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilę	lokomobila	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobili	lokomobila	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lokomobili	lokomobila	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobili	lokomobila	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobili	lokomobila	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobil	lokomobila	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lokomobilo	lokomobila	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilom	lokomobila	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowościach	lokomobilowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowościami	lokomobilowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowością	lokomobilowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowości	lokomobilowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowościom	lokomobilowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowość	lokomobilowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowość	lokomobilowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomobilowa	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokomobilową	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokomobilową	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokomobilowego	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokomobilowego	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomobilowej	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokomobilowej	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokomobilowej	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokomobilowe	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomobilowe	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomobilowe	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomobilowe	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomobilowemu	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomobilowi	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomobilowo	lokomobilowy	adja		
lokomobilowych	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomobilowych	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomobilowych	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomobilowy	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokomobilowy	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokomobilowymi	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomobilowym	lokomobilowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomobilowym	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomobilowym	lokomobilowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomocjach	lokomocja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocja	lokomocja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocjami	lokomocja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocją	lokomocja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocje	lokomocja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocje	lokomocja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocje	lokomocja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocję	lokomocja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocji	lokomocja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lokomocji	lokomocja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocji	lokomocja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocji	lokomocja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocjo	lokomocja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocjom	lokomocja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyj	lokomocja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lokomocyjnościach	lokomocyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjnościami	lokomocyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjnością	lokomocyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjności	lokomocyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjnościom	lokomocyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjność	lokomocyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjność	lokomocyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomocyjna	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokomocyjną	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokomocyjną	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokomocyjnego	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokomocyjnego	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomocyjnej	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokomocyjnej	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokomocyjnej	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokomocyjne	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomocyjne	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomocyjne	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomocyjne	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomocyjnemu	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomocyjni	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomocyjno	lokomocyjny	adja		
lokomocyjnych	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomocyjnych	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomocyjnych	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomocyjny	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokomocyjny	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokomocyjnymi	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomocyjnym	lokomocyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomocyjnym	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomocyjnym	lokomocyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotorycznościach	lokomotoryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotorycznościami	lokomotoryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotorycznością	lokomotoryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczności	lokomotoryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotorycznościom	lokomotoryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczność	lokomotoryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczność	lokomotoryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotoryczna	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokomotoryczną	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokomotoryczną	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokomotorycznego	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokomotorycznego	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotorycznej	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokomotorycznej	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokomotorycznej	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokomotoryczne	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotoryczne	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotoryczne	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomotoryczne	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomotorycznemu	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotoryczni	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomotoryczno	lokomotoryczny	adja		
lokomotorycznych	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomotorycznych	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotorycznych	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotoryczny	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokomotoryczny	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokomotorycznymi	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotorycznym	lokomotoryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotorycznym	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotorycznym	lokomotoryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotywach	lokomotywa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywa	lokomotywa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywami	lokomotywa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywą	lokomotywa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywę	lokomotywa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywie	lokomotywa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywie	lokomotywa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotyw	lokomotywa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywo	lokomotywa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywom	lokomotywa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywy	lokomotywa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywy	lokomotywa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywy	lokomotywa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywy	lokomotywa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywce	lokomotywka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywce	lokomotywka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywek	lokomotywka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywkach	lokomotywka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywka	lokomotywka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywkami	lokomotywka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywką	lokomotywka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywkę	lokomotywka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywki	lokomotywka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywki	lokomotywka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywki	lokomotywka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywki	lokomotywka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywko	lokomotywka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywkom	lokomotywka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowniach	lokomotywownia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywownia	lokomotywownia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowniami	lokomotywownia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywownią	lokomotywownia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywownie	lokomotywownia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywownie	lokomotywownia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywownie	lokomotywownia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywownię	lokomotywownia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowni	lokomotywownia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowni	lokomotywownia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowni	lokomotywownia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowni	lokomotywownia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywownio	lokomotywownia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowniom	lokomotywownia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowościach	lokomotywowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowościami	lokomotywowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowością	lokomotywowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowości	lokomotywowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowościom	lokomotywowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowość	lokomotywowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowość	lokomotywowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokomotywowa	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokomotywową	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokomotywową	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokomotywowego	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokomotywowego	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotywowej	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokomotywowej	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokomotywowej	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokomotywowe	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotywowe	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotywowe	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomotywowe	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokomotywowemu	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotywowi	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomotywowo	lokomotywowy	adja		
lokomotywowych	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokomotywowych	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotywowych	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotywowy	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokomotywowy	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokomotywowymi	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotywowym	lokomotywowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokomotywowym	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokomotywowym	lokomotywowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokować	lokować	inf:imperf		
lokowaliby	lokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lokowalibyście	lokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lokowalibyśmy	lokować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lokowali	lokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lokowali	lokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lokowaliście	lokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lokowaliśmy	lokować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lokowałaby	lokować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lokowałabym	lokować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lokowałabyś	lokować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lokowała	lokować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lokowała	lokować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lokowałam	lokować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lokowałaś	lokować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lokowałby	lokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lokowałbym	lokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lokowałbyś	lokować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lokowałem	lokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lokowałeś	lokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lokował	lokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lokował	lokować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lokowałoby	lokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lokowałobym	lokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lokowałobyś	lokować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lokowało	lokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lokowało	lokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lokowałom	lokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lokowałoś	lokować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lokowałyby	lokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lokowałybyście	lokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lokowałybyśmy	lokować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lokowały	lokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lokowały	lokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lokowałyście	lokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lokowałyśmy	lokować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lokowana	lokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lokowaną	lokować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lokowanego	lokować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lokowanego	lokować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokowanej	lokować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lokowane	lokować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokowane	lokować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokowanemu	lokować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokowaniach	lokować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowania	lokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowania	lokować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowaniami	lokować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowanie	lokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowaniem	lokować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowani	lokować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokowaniom	lokować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowaniu	lokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lokowano	lokować	imps:imperf		
lokowanych	lokować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokowanych	lokować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokowany	lokować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lokowany	lokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lokowanymi	lokować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokowanym	lokować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokowanym	lokować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokowań	lokować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lokująca	lokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lokującą	lokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lokującego	lokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lokującego	lokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokującej	lokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lokujące	lokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokujące	lokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokującemu	lokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokując	lokować	pcon:imperf		
lokująco	lokować	pacta		
lokujących	lokować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokujących	lokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokujący	lokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lokujący	lokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lokujący	lokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lokującymi	lokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokującym	lokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lokującym	lokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lokują	lokować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lokujcie	lokować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lokujecie	lokować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lokuje	lokować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lokujemy	lokować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lokujesz	lokować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lokuję	lokować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lokuj	lokować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lokujmy	lokować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lokowscy	lokowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lokowska	lokowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lokowską	lokowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lokowską	lokowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lokowskich	lokowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lokowskich	lokowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokowskich	lokowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokowskiego	lokowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lokowskiego	lokowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokowskiej	lokowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lokowskiej	lokowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lokowskiej	lokowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lokowskie	lokowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokowskie	lokowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lokowskie	lokowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lokowskie	lokowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lokowskiemu	lokowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokowski	lokowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lokowski	lokowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lokowskimi	lokowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokowskim	lokowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lokowskim	lokowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokowskim	lokowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokowsko	lokowski	adja		
lokowsku	lokowski	adjp		
lokowsko	lokowsko	adv:pos		
lokowskościach	lokowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskościami	lokowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskością	lokowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskości	lokowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskościom	lokowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskość	lokowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokowskość	lokowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówce	lokówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówce	lokówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówek	lokówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówkach	lokówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówka	lokówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówkami	lokówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówką	lokówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówkę	lokówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówki	lokówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówki	lokówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówki	lokówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówki	lokówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówko	lokówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokówkom	lokówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromach	loksodroma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodroma	loksodroma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromami	loksodroma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromą	loksodroma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromę	loksodroma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromie	loksodroma	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromie	loksodroma	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodrom	loksodroma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromo	loksodroma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromom	loksodroma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromy	loksodroma	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromy	loksodroma	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromy	loksodroma	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromy	loksodroma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromicznościach	loksodromiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromicznościami	loksodromiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromicznością	loksodromiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczności	loksodromiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromicznościom	loksodromiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczność	loksodromiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczność	loksodromiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loksodromiczna	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
loksodromiczną	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
loksodromiczną	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
loksodromicznego	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
loksodromicznego	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loksodromicznej	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
loksodromicznej	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
loksodromicznej	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
loksodromiczne	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loksodromiczne	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loksodromiczne	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
loksodromiczne	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
loksodromicznemu	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loksodromiczni	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
loksodromiczno	loksodromiczny	adja		
loksodromicznych	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
loksodromicznych	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loksodromicznych	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loksodromiczny	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
loksodromiczny	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
loksodromicznymi	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loksodromicznym	loksodromiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loksodromicznym	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loksodromicznym	loksodromiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lokucjach	lokucja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucja	lokucja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucjami	lokucja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucją	lokucja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucje	lokucja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucje	lokucja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucje	lokucja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucję	lokucja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucji	lokucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lokucji	lokucja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucji	lokucja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucji	lokucja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucjo	lokucja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucjom	lokucja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lokucyj	lokucja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lokach	lokum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loka	lokum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loka	lokum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loka	lokum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokami	lokum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokom	lokum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
loków	lokum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lokum	lokum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lolitce	lolitka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitce	lolitka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitek	lolitka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitkach	lolitka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitka	lolitka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitkami	lolitka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitką	lolitka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitkę	lolitka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitki	lolitka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitki	lolitka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitki	lolitka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitki	lolitka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitko	lolitka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lolitkom	lolitka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardach	lombard	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardami	lombard	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardem	lombard	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombard	lombard	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombard	lombard	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardom	lombard	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowi	lombard	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardów	lombard	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardu	lombard	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardy	lombard	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardy	lombard	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardy	lombard	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzie	lombard	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzie	lombard	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lombardować	lombardować	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowaliby	lombardować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowalibyście	lombardować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowalibyśmy	lombardować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowali	lombardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowali	lombardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowaliście	lombardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowaliśmy	lombardować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałaby	lombardować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałabym	lombardować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałabyś	lombardować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowała	lombardować	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowała	lombardować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałam	lombardować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałaś	lombardować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałby	lombardować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałbym	lombardować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałbyś	lombardować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałem	lombardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałeś	lombardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardował	lombardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardował	lombardować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałoby	lombardować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałobym	lombardować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałobyś	lombardować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowało	lombardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowało	lombardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałom	lombardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałoś	lombardować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałyby	lombardować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałybyście	lombardować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałybyśmy	lombardować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowały	lombardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowały	lombardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałyście	lombardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowałyśmy	lombardować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowana	lombardować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowaną	lombardować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanego	lombardować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanego	lombardować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanej	lombardować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowane	lombardować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowane	lombardować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanemu	lombardować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowaniach	lombardować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowania	lombardować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowania	lombardować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowaniami	lombardować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanie	lombardować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowaniem	lombardować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowani	lombardować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowaniom	lombardować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowaniu	lombardować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowano	lombardować	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowanych	lombardować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanych	lombardować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowany	lombardować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowany	lombardować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanymi	lombardować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanym	lombardować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowanym	lombardować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowań	lombardować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lombardowawszy	lombardować	pant:perf		daw.
lombardująca	lombardować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lombardującą	lombardować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lombardującego	lombardować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lombardującego	lombardować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lombardującej	lombardować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lombardujące	lombardować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lombardujące	lombardować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lombardującemu	lombardować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lombardując	lombardować	pcon:imperf		daw.
lombardująco	lombardować	pacta		
lombardujących	lombardować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lombardujących	lombardować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lombardujący	lombardować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lombardujący	lombardować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lombardujący	lombardować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lombardującymi	lombardować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lombardującym	lombardować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lombardującym	lombardować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lombardują	lombardować	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardujcie	lombardować	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardujecie	lombardować	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombarduje	lombardować	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardujemy	lombardować	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardujesz	lombardować	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombarduję	lombardować	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombarduj	lombardować	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardujmy	lombardować	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lombardowościach	lombardowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowościami	lombardowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowością	lombardowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowości	lombardowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowościom	lombardowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowość	lombardowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowość	lombardowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardowa	lombardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lombardową	lombardowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lombardową	lombardowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lombardowego	lombardowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lombardowego	lombardowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardowej	lombardowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lombardowej	lombardowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lombardowej	lombardowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lombardowe	lombardowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombardowe	lombardowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombardowe	lombardowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lombardowe	lombardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lombardowemu	lombardowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardowi	lombardowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lombardowo	lombardowy	adja		
lombardowych	lombardowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lombardowych	lombardowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardowych	lombardowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardowy	lombardowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lombardowy	lombardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lombardowymi	lombardowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardowym	lombardowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardowym	lombardowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardowym	lombardowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardzistach	lombardzista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzista	lombardzista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzistami	lombardzista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzistą	lombardzista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzistę	lombardzista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzisto	lombardzista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzistom	lombardzista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzistów	lombardzista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzistów	lombardzista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzisty	lombardzista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzisty	lombardzista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzisty	lombardzista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardziście	lombardzista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardziście	lombardzista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardziści	lombardzista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardziści	lombardzista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzcy	lombardzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lombardzka	lombardzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lombardzką	lombardzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lombardzką	lombardzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lombardzkich	lombardzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lombardzkich	lombardzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardzkich	lombardzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardzkiego	lombardzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lombardzkiego	lombardzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardzkiej	lombardzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lombardzkiej	lombardzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lombardzkiej	lombardzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lombardzkie	lombardzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombardzkie	lombardzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombardzkie	lombardzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lombardzkie	lombardzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lombardzkiemu	lombardzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardzki	lombardzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lombardzki	lombardzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lombardzkimi	lombardzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardzkim	lombardzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombardzkim	lombardzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardzkim	lombardzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombardzko	lombardzki	adja		
lombardzku	lombardzki	adjp		
lombardzko	lombardzko	adv:pos		
lombardzkościach	lombardzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkościami	lombardzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkością	lombardzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkości	lombardzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkościom	lombardzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkość	lombardzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombardzkość	lombardzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomber	lomber	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomber	lomber	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrach	lomber	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombra	lomber	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrami	lomber	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrem	lomber	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrom	lomber	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrowi	lomber	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrów	lomber	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombry	lomber	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombry	lomber	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombry	lomber	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrze	lomber	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrze	lomber	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberek	lomberek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberek	lomberek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberkach	lomberek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberka	lomberek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberkami	lomberek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberkiem	lomberek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberki	lomberek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberki	lomberek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberki	lomberek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberkom	lomberek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberkowi	lomberek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberków	lomberek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberku	lomberek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lomberku	lomberek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrach	lombr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombra	lombr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrami	lombr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrem	lombr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombr	lombr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombr	lombr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrom	lombr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrowi	lombr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrów	lombr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombry	lombr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombry	lombr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombry	lombr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrze	lombr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrze	lombr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lombrozjańscy	lombrozjański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lombrozjańska	lombrozjański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lombrozjańską	lombrozjański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lombrozjańską	lombrozjański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lombrozjańskich	lombrozjański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lombrozjańskich	lombrozjański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozjańskich	lombrozjański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozjańskiego	lombrozjański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lombrozjańskiego	lombrozjański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozjańskiej	lombrozjański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lombrozjańskiej	lombrozjański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lombrozjańskiej	lombrozjański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lombrozjańskie	lombrozjański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozjańskie	lombrozjański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozjańskie	lombrozjański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lombrozjańskie	lombrozjański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lombrozjańskiemu	lombrozjański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozjański	lombrozjański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lombrozjański	lombrozjański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lombrozjańskimi	lombrozjański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozjańskim	lombrozjański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozjańskim	lombrozjański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozjańskim	lombrozjański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozjańsko	lombrozjański	adja		
lombrozjańsku	lombrozjański	adjp		
lombrozjańsko	lombrozjańsko	adv:pos		
lombrozjańskościach	lombrozjańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskościami	lombrozjańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskością	lombrozjańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskości	lombrozjańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskościom	lombrozjańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskość	lombrozjańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozjańskość	lombrozjańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowscy	lombrozowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lombrozowska	lombrozowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lombrozowską	lombrozowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lombrozowską	lombrozowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lombrozowskich	lombrozowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lombrozowskich	lombrozowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozowskich	lombrozowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozowskiego	lombrozowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lombrozowskiego	lombrozowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozowskiej	lombrozowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lombrozowskiej	lombrozowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lombrozowskiej	lombrozowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lombrozowskie	lombrozowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozowskie	lombrozowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozowskie	lombrozowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lombrozowskie	lombrozowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lombrozowskiemu	lombrozowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozowski	lombrozowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lombrozowski	lombrozowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lombrozowskimi	lombrozowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozowskim	lombrozowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lombrozowskim	lombrozowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozowskim	lombrozowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lombrozowsko	lombrozowski	adja		
lombrozowsku	lombrozowski	adjp		
lombrozowsko	lombrozowsko	adv:pos		
lombrozowskościach	lombrozowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskościami	lombrozowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskością	lombrozowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskości	lombrozowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskościom	lombrozowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskość	lombrozowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lombrozowskość	lombrozowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejscy	lomejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lomejska	lomejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lomejską	lomejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lomejską	lomejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lomejskich	lomejski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lomejskich	lomejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lomejskich	lomejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lomejskiego	lomejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lomejskiego	lomejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lomejskiej	lomejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lomejskiej	lomejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lomejskiej	lomejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lomejskie	lomejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lomejskie	lomejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lomejskie	lomejski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lomejskie	lomejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lomejskiemu	lomejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lomejski	lomejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lomejski	lomejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lomejskimi	lomejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lomejskim	lomejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lomejskim	lomejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lomejskim	lomejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lomejsko	lomejski	adja		
lomejsku	lomejski	adjp		
lomejsko	lomejsko	adv:pos		
lomejskościach	lomejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskościami	lomejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskością	lomejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskości	lomejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskościom	lomejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskość	lomejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lomejskość	lomejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonach	lon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonami	lon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonem	lon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonie	lon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonie	lon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lon	lon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lon	lon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonom	lon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonowi	lon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonów	lon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonu	lon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lony	lon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lony	lon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lony	lon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	środ.
lonarach	lonar	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonara	lonar	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonara	lonar	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarami	lonar	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarem	lonar	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonar	lonar	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarom	lonar	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarowie	lonar	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarowie	lonar	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarowi	lonar	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarów	lonar	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarów	lonar	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonary	lonar	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonary	lonar	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarze	lonar	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarze	lonar	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonariach	lonaria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonaria	lonaria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonariami	lonaria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarią	lonaria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarie	lonaria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarie	lonaria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarie	lonaria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarię	lonaria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarii	lonaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
lonarii	lonaria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarii	lonaria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonarii	lonaria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonario	lonaria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonariom	lonaria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonaryj	lonaria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
loncikach	loncik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncika	loncik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncikami	loncik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncikiem	loncik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonciki	loncik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonciki	loncik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonciki	loncik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncik	loncik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncik	loncik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncikom	loncik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncikowi	loncik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncików	loncik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonciku	loncik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonciku	loncik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonciku	loncik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczycy	londyńczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczycy	londyńczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczykach	londyńczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyka	londyńczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyka	londyńczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczykami	londyńczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczykiem	londyńczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyki	londyńczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyki	londyńczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyk	londyńczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczykom	londyńczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczykowi	londyńczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyków	londyńczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyków	londyńczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyku	londyńczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńczyku	londyńczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
londyńscy	londyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
londyńska	londyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
londyńską	londyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
londyńską	londyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
londyńskich	londyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
londyńskich	londyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
londyńskich	londyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
londyńskiego	londyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
londyńskiego	londyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
londyńskiej	londyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
londyńskiej	londyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
londyńskiej	londyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
londyńskie	londyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
londyńskie	londyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
londyńskie	londyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
londyńskie	londyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
londyńskiemu	londyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
londyński	londyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
londyński	londyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
londyńskimi	londyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
londyńskim	londyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
londyńskim	londyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
londyńskim	londyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
londyńsko	londyński	adja		
londyńsku	londyński	adjp		
londyńsko	londyńsko	adv:pos		
londyńskościach	londyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskościami	londyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskością	londyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskości	londyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskościom	londyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskość	londyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
londyńskość	londyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
longinach	longin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longina	longin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longina	longin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinami	longin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinem	longin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinie	longin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinie	longin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longini	longin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longini	longin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longin	longin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinom	longin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinowi	longin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinów	longin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinów	longin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longiny	longin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longiny	longin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longinusach	longinus	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusa	longinus	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusa	longinus	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusami	longinus	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusem	longinus	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusie	longinus	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusie	longinus	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusi	longinus	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusi	longinus	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinus	longinus	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusom	longinus	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusowi	longinus	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusów	longinus	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusów	longinus	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
longinusy	longinus	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longinusy	longinus	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzcy	longobardzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
longobardzka	longobardzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
longobardzką	longobardzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
longobardzką	longobardzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
longobardzkich	longobardzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
longobardzkich	longobardzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
longobardzkich	longobardzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
longobardzkiego	longobardzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
longobardzkiego	longobardzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
longobardzkiej	longobardzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
longobardzkiej	longobardzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
longobardzkiej	longobardzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
longobardzkie	longobardzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
longobardzkie	longobardzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
longobardzkie	longobardzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
longobardzkie	longobardzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
longobardzkiemu	longobardzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
longobardzki	longobardzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
longobardzki	longobardzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
longobardzkimi	longobardzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
longobardzkim	longobardzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
longobardzkim	longobardzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
longobardzkim	longobardzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
longobardzko	longobardzki	adja		
longobardzku	longobardzki	adjp		
longobardzko	longobardzko	adv:pos		
longobardzkościach	longobardzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkościami	longobardzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkością	longobardzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkości	longobardzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkościom	longobardzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkość	longobardzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
longobardzkość	longobardzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
longplayach	longplay	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayach	longplay	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplaya	longplay	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplaya	longplay	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplaya	longplay	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplayami	longplay	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayami	longplay	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplaye	longplay	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplaye	longplay	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplaye	longplay	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplaye	longplay	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplaye	longplay	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplaye	longplay	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplayem	longplay	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayem	longplay	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplay	longplay	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplay	longplay	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplay	longplay	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplayom	longplay	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayom	longplay	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplayowi	longplay	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayowi	longplay	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplayów	longplay	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayów	longplay	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplayu	longplay	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayu	longplay	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
longplayu	longplay	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
longplayu	longplay	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonherach	lonher	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonhera	lonher	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonhera	lonher	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherami	lonher	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherem	lonher	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonher	lonher	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherom	lonher	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherowie	lonher	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherowie	lonher	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherowi	lonher	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherów	lonher	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherów	lonher	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonhery	lonher	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonhery	lonher	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherze	lonher	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherze	lonher	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonheriach	lonheria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonheria	lonheria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonheriami	lonheria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherią	lonheria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherie	lonheria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherie	lonheria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherie	lonheria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherię	lonheria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherii	lonheria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
lonherii	lonheria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherii	lonheria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherii	lonheria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonherio	lonheria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonheriom	lonheria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lonheryj	lonheria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
lonicerach	lonicera	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicera	lonicera	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicerami	lonicera	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicerą	lonicera	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicerę	lonicera	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicer	lonicera	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicero	lonicera	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicerom	lonicera	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicery	lonicera	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicery	lonicera	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicery	lonicera	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicery	lonicera	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicerze	lonicera	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonicerze	lonicera	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lonowościach	lonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowościami	lonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowością	lonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowości	lonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowościom	lonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowość	lonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowość	lonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonowa	lonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lonową	lonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lonową	lonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lonowego	lonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lonowego	lonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lonowej	lonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lonowej	lonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lonowej	lonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lonowe	lonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lonowe	lonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lonowe	lonowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lonowe	lonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lonowemu	lonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lonowi	lonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lonowo	lonowy	adja		
lonowych	lonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lonowych	lonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lonowych	lonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lonowy	lonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lonowy	lonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lonowymi	lonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lonowym	lonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lonowym	lonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lonowym	lonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loncie	lont	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loncie	lont	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontach	lont	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontami	lont	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontem	lont	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lont	lont	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lont	lont	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontom	lont	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontowi	lont	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontów	lont	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontu	lont	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonty	lont	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonty	lont	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lonty	lont	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lontowniczce	lontowniczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczce	lontowniczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczek	lontowniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczkach	lontowniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczka	lontowniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczkami	lontowniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczką	lontowniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczkę	lontowniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczki	lontowniczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczki	lontowniczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczki	lontowniczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczki	lontowniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczko	lontowniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowniczkom	lontowniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lontowościach	lontowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowościami	lontowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowością	lontowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowości	lontowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowościom	lontowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowość	lontowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowość	lontowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontowa	lontowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lontową	lontowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lontową	lontowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lontowego	lontowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lontowego	lontowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lontowej	lontowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lontowej	lontowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lontowej	lontowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lontowe	lontowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lontowe	lontowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lontowe	lontowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lontowe	lontowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lontowemu	lontowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lontowi	lontowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lontowo	lontowy	adja		
lontowych	lontowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lontowych	lontowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lontowych	lontowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lontowy	lontowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lontowy	lontowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lontowymi	lontowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lontowym	lontowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lontowym	lontowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lontowym	lontowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lontówce	lontówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówce	lontówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówek	lontówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówkach	lontówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówka	lontówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówkami	lontówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówką	lontówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówkę	lontówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówki	lontówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówki	lontówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówki	lontówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówki	lontówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówko	lontówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lontówkom	lontówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonżach	lonża	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonża	lonża	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonżami	lonża	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonżą	lonża	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonże	lonża	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonże	lonża	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonże	lonża	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonżę	lonża	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonż	lonża	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonżo	lonża	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonżom	lonża	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonży	lonża	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonży	lonża	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonży	lonża	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lonżować	lonżować	inf:imperf		sport.
lonżowaliby	lonżować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowalibyście	lonżować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowalibyśmy	lonżować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowali	lonżować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		sport.
lonżowali	lonżować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowaliście	lonżować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowaliśmy	lonżować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowałaby	lonżować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałabym	lonżować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowałabyś	lonżować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowała	lonżować	praet:sg:f:imperf		sport.
lonżowała	lonżować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałam	lonżować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowałaś	lonżować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowałby	lonżować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałbym	lonżować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowałbyś	lonżować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowałem	lonżować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowałeś	lonżować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżował	lonżować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		sport.
lonżował	lonżować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałoby	lonżować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałobym	lonżować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowałobyś	lonżować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowało	lonżować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		sport.
lonżowało	lonżować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałom	lonżować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowałoś	lonżować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowałyby	lonżować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałybyście	lonżować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowałybyśmy	lonżować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowały	lonżować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		sport.
lonżowały	lonżować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżowałyście	lonżować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżowałyśmy	lonżować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżowana	lonżować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lonżowaną	lonżować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lonżowanego	lonżować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lonżowanego	lonżować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowanej	lonżować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lonżowane	lonżować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżowane	lonżować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowanemu	lonżować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowaniach	lonżować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowania	lonżować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowania	lonżować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowaniami	lonżować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowanie	lonżować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowaniem	lonżować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowani	lonżować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lonżowaniom	lonżować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowaniu	lonżować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowano	lonżować	imps:imperf		sport.
lonżowanych	lonżować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lonżowanych	lonżować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżowany	lonżować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lonżowany	lonżować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lonżowanymi	lonżować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżowanym	lonżować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżowanym	lonżować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżowań	lonżować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lonżująca	lonżować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lonżującą	lonżować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lonżującego	lonżować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lonżującego	lonżować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżującej	lonżować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lonżujące	lonżować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżujące	lonżować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżującemu	lonżować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżując	lonżować	pcon:imperf		sport.
lonżująco	lonżować	pacta		
lonżujących	lonżować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lonżujących	lonżować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżujący	lonżować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lonżujący	lonżować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lonżujący	lonżować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lonżującymi	lonżować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżującym	lonżować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lonżującym	lonżować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lonżują	lonżować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżujcie	lonżować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżujecie	lonżować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżuje	lonżować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		sport.
lonżujemy	lonżować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżujesz	lonżować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżuję	lonżować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		sport.
lonżuj	lonżować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		sport.
lonżujmy	lonżować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		sport.
loopingach	looping	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingami	looping	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingiem	looping	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingi	looping	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingi	looping	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingi	looping	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
looping	looping	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
looping	looping	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingom	looping	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingowi	looping	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingów	looping	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingu	looping	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingu	looping	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loopingu	looping	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorach	lora	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lora	lora	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorami	lora	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorą	lora	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorę	lora	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lor	lora	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loro	lora	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorom	lora	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lory	lora	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lory	lora	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lory	lora	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lory	lora	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorze	lora	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorze	lora	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loranach	loran	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranami	loran	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranem	loran	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranie	loran	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranie	loran	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loran	loran	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loran	loran	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranom	loran	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranowi	loran	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranów	loran	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loranu	loran	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorany	loran	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorany	loran	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorany	loran	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lordach	lord	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lorda	lord	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lorda	lord	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordami	lord	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordem	lord	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lord	lord	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordom	lord	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordowie	lord	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordowie	lord	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordowi	lord	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordów	lord	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordów	lord	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordy	lord	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lordy	lord	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lordzie	lord	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordzie	lord	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwach	lordostwo:s1	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwa	lordostwo:s1	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwa	lordostwo:s1	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwa	lordostwo:s1	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwa	lordostwo:s1	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwami	lordostwo:s1	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwem	lordostwo:s1	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwie	lordostwo:s1	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostw	lordostwo:s1	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwo	lordostwo:s1	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwo	lordostwo:s1	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwo	lordostwo:s1	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwom	lordostwo:s1	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwu	lordostwo:s1	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lordostwa	lordostwo:s2	subst:pl:acc:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lordostwa	lordostwo:s2	subst:pl:gen:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lordostwem	lordostwo:s2	subst:pl:inst:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lordostwo	lordostwo:s2	subst:pl:nom:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lordostwo	lordostwo:s2	subst:pl:voc:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lordostwu	lordostwo:s2	subst:pl:dat:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lordostwu	lordostwo:s2	subst:pl:loc:p1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lordowscy	lordowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lordowska	lordowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lordowską	lordowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lordowską	lordowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lordowskich	lordowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lordowskich	lordowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lordowskich	lordowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lordowskiego	lordowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lordowskiego	lordowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lordowskiej	lordowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lordowskiej	lordowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lordowskiej	lordowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lordowskie	lordowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lordowskie	lordowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lordowskie	lordowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lordowskie	lordowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lordowskiemu	lordowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lordowski	lordowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lordowski	lordowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lordowskimi	lordowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lordowskim	lordowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lordowskim	lordowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lordowskim	lordowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lordowsko	lordowski	adja		
lordowsku	lordowski	adjp		
lordowsko	lordowsko	adv:pos		
lordowskościach	lordowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskościami	lordowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskością	lordowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskości	lordowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskościom	lordowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskość	lordowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordowskość	lordowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordozach	lordoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordoza	lordoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozami	lordoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozą	lordoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozę	lordoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozie	lordoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozie	lordoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordoz	lordoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozo	lordoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozom	lordoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozy	lordoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozy	lordoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozy	lordoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordozy	lordoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	med.
lordówien	lordówna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordównach	lordówna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordówna	lordówna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordównami	lordówna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordówną	lordówna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordównę	lordówna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordównie	lordówna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordównie	lordówna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordówno	lordówna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordównom	lordówna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordówny	lordówna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordówny	lordówna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordówny	lordówna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lordówny	lordówna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorencach	lorenc	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorenca	lorenc	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorencami	lorenc	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorence	lorenc	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorence	lorenc	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorence	lorenc	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorencem	lorenc	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorenc	lorenc	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorenc	lorenc	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorencom	lorenc	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorencowi	lorenc	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorenców	lorenc	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorencu	lorenc	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorencu	lorenc	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensach	lorens	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensami	lorens	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensem	lorens	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensie	lorens	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensie	lorens	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorens	lorens	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorens	lorens	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensom	lorens	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensowi	lorens	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensów	lorens	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensu	lorens	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensy	lorens	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensy	lorens	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lorensy	lorens	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loretance	loretanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretance	loretanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanek	loretanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretankach	loretanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanka	loretanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretankami	loretanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanką	loretanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretankę	loretanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanki	loretanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanki	loretanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanki	loretanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanki	loretanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretanko	loretanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretankom	loretanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańscy	loretański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
loretańska	loretański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
loretańską	loretański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
loretańską	loretański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
loretańskich	loretański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
loretańskich	loretański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loretańskich	loretański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loretańskiego	loretański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
loretańskiego	loretański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loretańskiej	loretański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
loretańskiej	loretański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
loretańskiej	loretański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
loretańskie	loretański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loretańskie	loretański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loretańskie	loretański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
loretańskie	loretański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
loretańskiemu	loretański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loretański	loretański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
loretański	loretański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
loretańskimi	loretański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loretańskim	loretański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loretańskim	loretański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loretańskim	loretański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loretańsko	loretański	adja		
loretańsku	loretański	adjp		
loretańsko	loretańsko	adv:pos		
loretańskościach	loretańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskościami	loretańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskością	loretańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskości	loretańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskościom	loretańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskość	loretańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretańskość	loretańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loretce	loretka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretce	loretka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretek	loretka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretkach	loretka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretka	loretka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretkami	loretka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretką	loretka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretkę	loretka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretki	loretka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretki	loretka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretki	loretka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretki	loretka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretko	loretka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loretkom	loretka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorgnonach	lorgnon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonami	lorgnon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonem	lorgnon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonie	lorgnon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonie	lorgnon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnon	lorgnon	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonom	lorgnon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonowi	lorgnon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonów	lorgnon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnonu	lorgnon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnony	lorgnon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnony	lorgnon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorgnony	lorgnon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lori	lori	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lori	lori	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
lorce	lorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorce	lorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorek	lorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorkach	lorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorka	lorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorkami	lorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorką	lorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorkę	lorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorki	lorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorki	lorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorki	lorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorki	lorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorko	lorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorkom	lorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornecie	lorneta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornecie	lorneta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetach	lorneta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorneta	lorneta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetami	lorneta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetą	lorneta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetę	lorneta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornet	lorneta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lorneto	lorneta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetom	lorneta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornety	lorneta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornety	lorneta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornety	lorneta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornety	lorneta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetce	lornetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetce	lornetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetek	lornetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkach	lornetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetka	lornetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkami	lornetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetką	lornetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkę	lornetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetki	lornetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetki	lornetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetki	lornetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetki	lornetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetko	lornetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkom	lornetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkować	lornetkować	inf:imperf		
lornetkowaliby	lornetkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lornetkowalibyście	lornetkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lornetkowalibyśmy	lornetkować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lornetkowali	lornetkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lornetkowali	lornetkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lornetkowaliście	lornetkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lornetkowaliśmy	lornetkować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lornetkowałaby	lornetkować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałabym	lornetkować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lornetkowałabyś	lornetkować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lornetkowała	lornetkować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lornetkowała	lornetkować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałam	lornetkować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lornetkowałaś	lornetkować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lornetkowałby	lornetkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałbym	lornetkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lornetkowałbyś	lornetkować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lornetkowałem	lornetkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lornetkowałeś	lornetkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lornetkował	lornetkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lornetkował	lornetkować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałoby	lornetkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałobym	lornetkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lornetkowałobyś	lornetkować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lornetkowało	lornetkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lornetkowało	lornetkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałom	lornetkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lornetkowałoś	lornetkować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lornetkowałyby	lornetkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałybyście	lornetkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lornetkowałybyśmy	lornetkować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lornetkowały	lornetkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lornetkowały	lornetkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lornetkowałyście	lornetkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lornetkowałyśmy	lornetkować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lornetkowana	lornetkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetkowaną	lornetkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanego	lornetkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanego	lornetkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanej	lornetkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetkowane	lornetkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkowane	lornetkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanemu	lornetkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowaniach	lornetkować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowania	lornetkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowania	lornetkować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowaniami	lornetkować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanie	lornetkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowaniem	lornetkować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowani	lornetkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetkowaniom	lornetkować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowaniu	lornetkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowano	lornetkować	imps:imperf		
lornetkowanych	lornetkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanych	lornetkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkowany	lornetkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lornetkowany	lornetkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanymi	lornetkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanym	lornetkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkowanym	lornetkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkowań	lornetkować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkująca	lornetkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetkującą	lornetkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lornetkującego	lornetkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lornetkującego	lornetkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkującej	lornetkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetkujące	lornetkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkujące	lornetkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkującemu	lornetkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkując	lornetkować	pcon:imperf		
lornetkująco	lornetkować	pacta		
lornetkujących	lornetkować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetkujących	lornetkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkujący	lornetkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetkujący	lornetkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lornetkujący	lornetkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lornetkującymi	lornetkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkującym	lornetkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetkującym	lornetkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetkują	lornetkować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lornetkujcie	lornetkować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lornetkujecie	lornetkować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lornetkuje	lornetkować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lornetkujemy	lornetkować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lornetkujesz	lornetkować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lornetkuję	lornetkować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lornetkuj	lornetkować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lornetkujmy	lornetkować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lornetkowościach	lornetkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowościami	lornetkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowością	lornetkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowości	lornetkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowościom	lornetkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowość	lornetkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowość	lornetkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lornetkowa	lornetkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lornetkową	lornetkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lornetkową	lornetkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lornetkowego	lornetkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lornetkowego	lornetkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lornetkowej	lornetkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lornetkowej	lornetkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lornetkowej	lornetkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lornetkowe	lornetkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lornetkowe	lornetkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lornetkowe	lornetkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lornetkowe	lornetkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lornetkowemu	lornetkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lornetkowi	lornetkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lornetkowo	lornetkowy	adja		
lornetkowych	lornetkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lornetkowych	lornetkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lornetkowych	lornetkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lornetkowy	lornetkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lornetkowy	lornetkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lornetkowymi	lornetkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lornetkowym	lornetkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lornetkowym	lornetkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lornetkowym	lornetkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lornetować	lornetować	inf:imperf		
lornetowaliby	lornetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lornetowalibyście	lornetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lornetowalibyśmy	lornetować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lornetowali	lornetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lornetowali	lornetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lornetowaliście	lornetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lornetowaliśmy	lornetować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lornetowałaby	lornetować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lornetowałabym	lornetować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lornetowałabyś	lornetować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lornetowała	lornetować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lornetowała	lornetować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lornetowałam	lornetować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lornetowałaś	lornetować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lornetowałby	lornetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lornetowałbym	lornetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lornetowałbyś	lornetować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lornetowałem	lornetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lornetowałeś	lornetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lornetował	lornetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lornetował	lornetować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lornetowałoby	lornetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lornetowałobym	lornetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lornetowałobyś	lornetować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lornetowało	lornetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lornetowało	lornetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lornetowałom	lornetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lornetowałoś	lornetować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lornetowałyby	lornetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lornetowałybyście	lornetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lornetowałybyśmy	lornetować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lornetowały	lornetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lornetowały	lornetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lornetowałyście	lornetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lornetowałyśmy	lornetować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lornetowana	lornetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetowaną	lornetować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lornetowanego	lornetować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lornetowanego	lornetować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowanej	lornetować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetowane	lornetować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetowane	lornetować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowanemu	lornetować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowaniach	lornetować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowania	lornetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowania	lornetować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowaniami	lornetować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowanie	lornetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowaniem	lornetować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowani	lornetować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetowaniom	lornetować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowaniu	lornetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowano	lornetować	imps:imperf		
lornetowanych	lornetować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetowanych	lornetować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetowany	lornetować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lornetowany	lornetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lornetowanymi	lornetować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetowanym	lornetować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetowanym	lornetować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetowań	lornetować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lornetująca	lornetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetującą	lornetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lornetującego	lornetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lornetującego	lornetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetującej	lornetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lornetujące	lornetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetujące	lornetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetującemu	lornetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetując	lornetować	pcon:imperf		
lornetująco	lornetować	pacta		
lornetujących	lornetować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetujących	lornetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetujący	lornetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lornetujący	lornetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lornetujący	lornetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lornetującymi	lornetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetującym	lornetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lornetującym	lornetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lornetują	lornetować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lornetujcie	lornetować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lornetujecie	lornetować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lornetuje	lornetować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lornetujemy	lornetować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lornetujesz	lornetować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lornetuję	lornetować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lornetuj	lornetować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lornetujmy	lornetować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lornionach	lornion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionami	lornion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionem	lornion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionie	lornion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionie	lornion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornion	lornion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornion	lornion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionom	lornion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionowi	lornion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionów	lornion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lornionu	lornion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorniony	lornion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorniony	lornion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorniony	lornion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lorynecie	loryneta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynecie	loryneta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetach	loryneta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loryneta	loryneta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetami	loryneta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetą	loryneta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetę	loryneta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynet	loryneta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
loryneto	loryneta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetom	loryneta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynety	loryneta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynety	loryneta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynety	loryneta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynety	loryneta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetce	lorynetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetce	lorynetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetek	lorynetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetkach	lorynetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetka	lorynetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetkami	lorynetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetką	lorynetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetkę	lorynetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetki	lorynetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetki	lorynetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetki	lorynetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetki	lorynetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetko	lorynetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lorynetkom	lorynetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
losach	los	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losami	los	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losem	los	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losie	los	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losie	los	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
los	los	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
los	los	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losom	los	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losowi	los	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losów	los	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losu	los	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losy	los	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losy	los	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losy	los	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
losować	losować	inf:imperf		
losowaliby	losować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
losowalibyście	losować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
losowalibyśmy	losować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
losowali	losować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
losowali	losować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
losowaliście	losować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
losowaliśmy	losować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
losowałaby	losować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
losowałabym	losować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
losowałabyś	losować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
losowała	losować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
losowała	losować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
losowałam	losować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
losowałaś	losować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
losowałby	losować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
losowałbym	losować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
losowałbyś	losować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
losowałem	losować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
losowałeś	losować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
losował	losować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
losował	losować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
losowałoby	losować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
losowałobym	losować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
losowałobyś	losować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
losowało	losować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
losowało	losować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
losowałom	losować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
losowałoś	losować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
losowałyby	losować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
losowałybyście	losować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
losowałybyśmy	losować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
losowały	losować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
losowały	losować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
losowałyście	losować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
losowałyśmy	losować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
losowana	losować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
losowaną	losować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
losowanego	losować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
losowanego	losować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losowanej	losować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
losowane	losować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losowane	losować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losowanemu	losować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losowaniach	losować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
losowania	losować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
losowania	losować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
losowaniami	losować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
losowanie	losować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
losowaniem	losować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
losowani	losować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
losowaniom	losować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
losowaniu	losować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
losowano	losować	imps:imperf		
losowanych	losować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
losowanych	losować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losowany	losować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
losowany	losować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
losowanymi	losować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losowanym	losować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losowanym	losować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losowań	losować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
losująca	losować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
losującą	losować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
losującego	losować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
losującego	losować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losującej	losować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
losujące	losować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losujące	losować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losującemu	losować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losując	losować	pcon:imperf		
losująco	losować	pacta		
losujących	losować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
losujących	losować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losujący	losować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
losujący	losować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
losujący	losować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
losującymi	losować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losującym	losować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
losującym	losować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
losują	losować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
losujcie	losować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
losujecie	losować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
losuje	losować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
losujemy	losować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
losujesz	losować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
losuję	losować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
losuj	losować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
losujmy	losować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
losowaniach	losowanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowania	losowanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowania	losowanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowania	losowanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowania	losowanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowaniami	losowanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowanie	losowanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowanie	losowanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowanie	losowanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowaniem	losowanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowaniom	losowanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowaniu	losowanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowaniu	losowanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowań	losowanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
losowo	losowo	adv:pos		
losowościach	losowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowościami	losowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowością	losowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowości	losowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowościom	losowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowość	losowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowość	losowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
losowa	losowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
losową	losowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
losową	losowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
losowego	losowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
losowego	losowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
losowej	losowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
losowej	losowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
losowej	losowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
losowe	losowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
losowe	losowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
losowe	losowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
losowe	losowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
losowemu	losowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
losowi	losowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
losowo	losowy	adja		
losowych	losowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
losowych	losowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
losowych	losowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
losowy	losowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
losowy	losowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
losowymi	losowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
losowym	losowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
losowym	losowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
losowym	losowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loszek	loszek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszek	loszek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszkach	loszek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszkami	loszek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszkiem	loszek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszki	loszek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszki	loszek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszki	loszek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszkom	loszek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszkowi	loszek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszków	loszek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszku	loszek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszku	loszek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszku	loszek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loszce	loszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszce	loszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszek	loszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszkach	loszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszka	loszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszkami	loszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszką	loszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszkę	loszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszki	loszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszki	loszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszki	loszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszki	loszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszko	loszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loszkom	loszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńscy	lotaryński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lotaryńska	lotaryński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lotaryńską	lotaryński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lotaryńską	lotaryński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lotaryńskich	lotaryński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lotaryńskich	lotaryński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotaryńskich	lotaryński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotaryńskiego	lotaryński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lotaryńskiego	lotaryński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotaryńskiej	lotaryński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lotaryńskiej	lotaryński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lotaryńskiej	lotaryński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lotaryńskie	lotaryński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotaryńskie	lotaryński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotaryńskie	lotaryński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lotaryńskie	lotaryński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lotaryńskiemu	lotaryński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotaryński	lotaryński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lotaryński	lotaryński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lotaryńskimi	lotaryński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotaryńskim	lotaryński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotaryńskim	lotaryński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotaryńskim	lotaryński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotaryńsko	lotaryński	adja		
lotaryńsku	lotaryński	adjp		
lotaryńsko	lotaryńsko	adv:pos		
lotaryńskościach	lotaryńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskościami	lotaryńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskością	lotaryńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskości	lotaryńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskościom	lotaryńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskość	lotaryńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotaryńskość	lotaryńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteriach	loteria	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteria	loteria	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteriami	loteria	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterią	loteria	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterie	loteria	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterie	loteria	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterie	loteria	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterię	loteria	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterii	loteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
loterii	loteria	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterii	loteria	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterii	loteria	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loterio	loteria	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteriom	loteria	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryj	loteria	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
loteryjce	loteryjka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjce	loteryjka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjek	loteryjka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjkach	loteryjka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjka	loteryjka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjkami	loteryjka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjką	loteryjka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjkę	loteryjka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjki	loteryjka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjki	loteryjka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjki	loteryjka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjki	loteryjka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjko	loteryjka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjkom	loteryjka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjnościach	loteryjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjnościami	loteryjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjnością	loteryjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjności	loteryjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjnościom	loteryjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjność	loteryjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjność	loteryjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loteryjna	loteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
loteryjną	loteryjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
loteryjną	loteryjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
loteryjnego	loteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
loteryjnego	loteryjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loteryjnej	loteryjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
loteryjnej	loteryjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
loteryjnej	loteryjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
loteryjne	loteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loteryjne	loteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
loteryjne	loteryjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
loteryjne	loteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
loteryjnemu	loteryjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loteryjni	loteryjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
loteryjno	loteryjny	adja		
loteryjnych	loteryjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
loteryjnych	loteryjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loteryjnych	loteryjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loteryjny	loteryjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
loteryjny	loteryjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
loteryjnymi	loteryjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loteryjnym	loteryjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
loteryjnym	loteryjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
loteryjnym	loteryjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotionach	lotion	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionami	lotion	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionem	lotion	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionie	lotion	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionie	lotion	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotion	lotion	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotion	lotion	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionom	lotion	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionowi	lotion	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionów	lotion	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotionu	lotion	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotiony	lotion	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotiony	lotion	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotiony	lotion	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotce	lotka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotce	lotka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotek	lotka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotkach	lotka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotka	lotka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotkami	lotka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotką	lotka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotkę	lotka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotki	lotka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotki	lotka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotki	lotka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotki	lotka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotko	lotka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotkom	lotka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniach	lotnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnia	lotnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniami	lotnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnią	lotnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnie	lotnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnie	lotnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnie	lotnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnię	lotnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotni	lotnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotni	lotnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotni	lotnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotni	lotnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnio	lotnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniom	lotnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarscy	lotniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lotniarska	lotniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lotniarską	lotniarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lotniarską	lotniarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lotniarskich	lotniarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lotniarskich	lotniarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniarskich	lotniarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniarskiego	lotniarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lotniarskiego	lotniarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniarskiej	lotniarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lotniarskiej	lotniarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lotniarskiej	lotniarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lotniarskie	lotniarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotniarskie	lotniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotniarskie	lotniarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lotniarskie	lotniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lotniarskiemu	lotniarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniarski	lotniarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lotniarski	lotniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lotniarskimi	lotniarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniarskim	lotniarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniarskim	lotniarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniarskim	lotniarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniarsko	lotniarski	adja		
lotniarsku	lotniarski	adjp		
lotniarsko	lotniarsko	adv:pos		
lotniarskościach	lotniarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskościami	lotniarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskością	lotniarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskości	lotniarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskościom	lotniarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskość	lotniarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarskość	lotniarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwach	lotniarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwa	lotniarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwa	lotniarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwa	lotniarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwa	lotniarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwami	lotniarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwem	lotniarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwie	lotniarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstw	lotniarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwo	lotniarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwo	lotniarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwo	lotniarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwom	lotniarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarstwu	lotniarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzach	lotniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzach	lotniarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarza	lotniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarza	lotniarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarza	lotniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarza	lotniarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzami	lotniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzami	lotniarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarze	lotniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarze	lotniarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarze	lotniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarze	lotniarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarze	lotniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarze	lotniarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarze	lotniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarze	lotniarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzem	lotniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzem	lotniarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarz	lotniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarz	lotniarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzom	lotniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzom	lotniarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzowi	lotniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzowi	lotniarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzów	lotniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzów	lotniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzu	lotniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzu	lotniarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzu	lotniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzu	lotniarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lotniarzy	lotniarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniarzy	lotniarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwach	lotnictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwa	lotnictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwa	lotnictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwa	lotnictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwa	lotnictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwami	lotnictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwem	lotnictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwie	lotnictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictw	lotnictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwo	lotnictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwo	lotnictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwo	lotnictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwom	lotnictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnictwu	lotnictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczce	lotniczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczce	lotniczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczek	lotniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczkach	lotniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczka	lotniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczkami	lotniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczką	lotniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczkę	lotniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczki	lotniczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczki	lotniczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczki	lotniczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczki	lotniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczko	lotniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczkom	lotniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczo	lotniczo	adv:pos		
lotniczościach	lotniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczościami	lotniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczością	lotniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczości	lotniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczościom	lotniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczość	lotniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniczość	lotniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnicza	lotniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lotniczą	lotniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lotniczą	lotniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lotniczego	lotniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lotniczego	lotniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniczej	lotniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lotniczej	lotniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lotniczej	lotniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lotnicze	lotniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotnicze	lotniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotnicze	lotniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lotnicze	lotniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lotniczemu	lotniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniczo	lotniczy	adja		
lotniczych	lotniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lotniczych	lotniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniczych	lotniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniczy	lotniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lotniczy	lotniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lotniczy	lotniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lotniczymi	lotniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniczym	lotniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniczym	lotniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniczym	lotniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniej	lotnie	adv:com		
lotnie	lotnie	adv:pos		daw.
lotniałaby	lotnieć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałabym	lotnieć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniałabyś	lotnieć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniała	lotnieć	praet:sg:f:imperf		rzad.
lotniała	lotnieć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałam	lotnieć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniałaś	lotnieć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniałby	lotnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałbym	lotnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniałbyś	lotnieć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniałem	lotnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniałeś	lotnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniał	lotnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		rzad.
lotniał	lotnieć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałoby	lotnieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałobym	lotnieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniałobyś	lotnieć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniało	lotnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		rzad.
lotniało	lotnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałom	lotnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniałoś	lotnieć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniałyby	lotnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałybyście	lotnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniałybyśmy	lotnieć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniały	lotnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		rzad.
lotniały	lotnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniałyście	lotnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniałyśmy	lotnieć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniano	lotnieć	imps:imperf		rzad.
lotnieć	lotnieć	inf:imperf		rzad.
lotniejąca	lotnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lotniejącą	lotnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lotniejącego	lotnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lotniejącego	lotnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lotniejącej	lotnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lotniejące	lotnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lotniejące	lotnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lotniejącemu	lotnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lotniejąc	lotnieć	pcon:imperf		rzad.
lotniejąco	lotnieć	pacta		
lotniejących	lotnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lotniejących	lotnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lotniejący	lotnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lotniejący	lotnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lotniejący	lotnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lotniejącymi	lotnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lotniejącym	lotnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lotniejącym	lotnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lotnieją	lotnieć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniejcie	lotnieć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniejecie	lotnieć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotnieje	lotnieć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotniejemy	lotnieć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniejesz	lotnieć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotnieję	lotnieć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotniej	lotnieć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotniejmy	lotnieć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotnieliby	lotnieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotnielibyście	lotnieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotnielibyśmy	lotnieć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotnieli	lotnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		rzad.
lotnieli	lotnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		rzad.
lotnieliście	lotnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		rzad.
lotnieliśmy	lotnieć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		rzad.
lotnieniach	lotnieć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnienia	lotnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnienia	lotnieć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnieniami	lotnieć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnienie	lotnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnieniem	lotnieć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnieniom	lotnieć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnieniu	lotnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnień	lotnieć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lotnicy	lotnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnicy	lotnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnikach	lotnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnika	lotnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnika	lotnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnikami	lotnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnikiem	lotnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniki	lotnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniki	lotnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnik	lotnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnikom	lotnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotnikowi	lotnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotników	lotnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotników	lotnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniku	lotnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniku	lotnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskach	lotnisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniska	lotnisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniska	lotnisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniska	lotnisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniska	lotnisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskami	lotnisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskiem	lotnisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnisk	lotnisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnisko	lotnisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnisko	lotnisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnisko	lotnisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskom	lotnisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnisku	lotnisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotnisku	lotnisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowcach	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowcach	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowca	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowca	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowca	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowcami	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowcami	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowce	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowce	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowce	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowce	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowce	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowce	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowcem	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowcem	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowcom	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowcom	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowcowi	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowcowi	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowców	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowców	lotniskowiec	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowcu	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowcu	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowcu	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowcu	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowiec	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowiec	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lotniskowiec	lotniskowiec	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowościach	lotniskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowościami	lotniskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowością	lotniskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowości	lotniskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowościom	lotniskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowość	lotniskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowość	lotniskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotniskowa	lotniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lotniskową	lotniskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lotniskową	lotniskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lotniskowego	lotniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lotniskowego	lotniskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniskowej	lotniskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lotniskowej	lotniskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lotniskowej	lotniskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lotniskowe	lotniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotniskowe	lotniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotniskowe	lotniskowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lotniskowe	lotniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lotniskowemu	lotniskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniskowi	lotniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lotniskowo	lotniskowy	adja		
lotniskowych	lotniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lotniskowych	lotniskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniskowych	lotniskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniskowy	lotniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lotniskowy	lotniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lotniskowymi	lotniskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniskowym	lotniskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotniskowym	lotniskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniskowym	lotniskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniej	lotno	adv:com		
lotno	lotno	adv:pos		daw.
lotnościach	lotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnościami	lotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnością	lotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotności	lotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotnościom	lotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotność	lotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotność	lotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotna	lotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lotną	lotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lotną	lotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lotnego	lotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lotnego	lotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotnej	lotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lotnej	lotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lotnej	lotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lotne	lotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotne	lotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotne	lotny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lotne	lotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lotnemu	lotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotniejsi	lotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
lotniejsza	lotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
lotniejszą	lotny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
lotniejszą	lotny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
lotniejszego	lotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
lotniejszego	lotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lotniejszej	lotny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
lotniejszej	lotny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
lotniejszej	lotny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
lotniejsze	lotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lotniejsze	lotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
lotniejsze	lotny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
lotniejsze	lotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
lotniejszemu	lotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lotniejszych	lotny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
lotniejszych	lotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lotniejszych	lotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lotniejszy	lotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
lotniejszy	lotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
lotniejszymi	lotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lotniejszym	lotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
lotniejszym	lotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lotniejszym	lotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
lotni	lotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lotno	lotny	adja		
lotnych	lotny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lotnych	lotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotnych	lotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotny	lotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lotny	lotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lotnymi	lotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotnym	lotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotnym	lotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotnym	lotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotokocie	lotokot	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokocie	lotokot	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokotach	lotokot	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokota	lotokot	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokota	lotokot	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokotami	lotokot	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokotem	lotokot	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokot	lotokot	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokotom	lotokot	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokotów	lotokot	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokotu	lotokot	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokoty	lotokot	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokoty	lotokot	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotokoty	lotokot	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałance	lotopałanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałance	lotopałanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanek	lotopałanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałankach	lotopałanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanka	lotopałanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałankami	lotopałanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanką	lotopałanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałankę	lotopałanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanki	lotopałanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanki	lotopałanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanki	lotopałanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanki	lotopałanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałanko	lotopałanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotopałankom	lotopałanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosach	lotos	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosami	lotos	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosem	lotos	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosie	lotos	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosie	lotos	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotos	lotos	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotos	lotos	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosom	lotos	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowi	lotos	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosów	lotos	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosu	lotos	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosy	lotos	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosy	lotos	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosy	lotos	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowościach	lotosowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowościami	lotosowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowością	lotosowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowości	lotosowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowościom	lotosowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowość	lotosowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowość	lotosowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotosowa	lotosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lotosową	lotosowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lotosową	lotosowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lotosowego	lotosowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lotosowego	lotosowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotosowej	lotosowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lotosowej	lotosowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lotosowej	lotosowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lotosowe	lotosowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotosowe	lotosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotosowe	lotosowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lotosowe	lotosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lotosowemu	lotosowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotosowi	lotosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lotosowo	lotosowy	adja		
lotosowych	lotosowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lotosowych	lotosowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotosowych	lotosowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotosowy	lotosowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lotosowy	lotosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lotosowymi	lotosowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotosowym	lotosowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotosowym	lotosowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotosowym	lotosowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotowscy	lotowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lotowska	lotowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lotowską	lotowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lotowską	lotowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lotowskich	lotowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lotowskich	lotowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotowskich	lotowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotowskiego	lotowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lotowskiego	lotowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotowskiej	lotowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lotowskiej	lotowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lotowskiej	lotowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lotowskie	lotowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotowskie	lotowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lotowskie	lotowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lotowskie	lotowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lotowskiemu	lotowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotowski	lotowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lotowski	lotowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lotowskimi	lotowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotowskim	lotowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lotowskim	lotowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotowskim	lotowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lotowsko	lotowski	adja		
lotowsku	lotowski	adjp		
lotowsko	lotowsko	adv:pos		
lotowskościach	lotowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskościami	lotowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskością	lotowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskości	lotowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskościom	lotowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskość	lotowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lotowskość	lotowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
locie	lot:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locie	lot:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotach	lot:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotami	lot:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotem	lot:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lot	lot:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lot	lot:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotom	lot:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotowi	lot:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotów	lot:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotu	lot:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loty	lot:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loty	lot:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loty	lot:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locie	lot:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
locie	lot:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotach	lot:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lota	lot:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotami	lot:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotem	lot:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lot	lot:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lot	lot:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotom	lot:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotowi	lot:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotów	lot:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotu	lot:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loty	lot:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loty	lot:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
loty	lot:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lotto	lotto	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lottomacie	lottomat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomacie	lottomat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomatach	lottomat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomatami	lottomat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomatem	lottomat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomat	lottomat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomat	lottomat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomatom	lottomat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomatowi	lottomat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomatów	lottomat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomatu	lottomat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomaty	lottomat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomaty	lottomat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lottomaty	lottomat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lotusach	lotus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusami	lotus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusem	lotus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusie	lotus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusie	lotus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotus	lotus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotus	lotus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusom	lotus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusowi	lotus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusów	lotus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusu	lotus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusy	lotus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusy	lotus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lotusy	lotus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lowańscy	lowański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lowańska	lowański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lowańską	lowański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lowańską	lowański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lowańskich	lowański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lowańskich	lowański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowańskich	lowański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowańskiego	lowański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lowańskiego	lowański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowańskiej	lowański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lowańskiej	lowański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lowańskiej	lowański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lowańskie	lowański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lowańskie	lowański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lowańskie	lowański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lowańskie	lowański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lowańskiemu	lowański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowański	lowański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lowański	lowański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lowańskimi	lowański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowańskim	lowański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowańskim	lowański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowańskim	lowański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowańsko	lowański	adja		
lowańsku	lowański	adjp		
lowańsko	lowańsko	adv:pos		
lowańskościach	lowańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskościami	lowańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskością	lowańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskości	lowańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskościom	lowańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskość	lowańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowańskość	lowańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasach	lowelas	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasa	lowelas	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasa	lowelas	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasami	lowelas	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasem	lowelas	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasie	lowelas	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasie	lowelas	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasi	lowelas	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasi	lowelas	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelas	lowelas	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasom	lowelas	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasowi	lowelas	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasów	lowelas	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasów	lowelas	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasy	lowelas	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasy	lowelas	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lowelasowscy	lowelasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lowelasowska	lowelasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lowelasowską	lowelasowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lowelasowską	lowelasowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lowelasowskich	lowelasowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lowelasowskich	lowelasowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowelasowskich	lowelasowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowelasowskiego	lowelasowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lowelasowskiego	lowelasowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowelasowskiej	lowelasowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lowelasowskiej	lowelasowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lowelasowskiej	lowelasowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lowelasowskie	lowelasowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lowelasowskie	lowelasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lowelasowskie	lowelasowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lowelasowskie	lowelasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lowelasowskiemu	lowelasowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowelasowski	lowelasowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lowelasowski	lowelasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lowelasowskimi	lowelasowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowelasowskim	lowelasowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lowelasowskim	lowelasowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowelasowskim	lowelasowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lowelasowsko	lowelasowski	adja		
lowelasowsku	lowelasowski	adjp		
lowelasowsko	lowelasowsko	adv:pos		
lowelasowskościach	lowelasowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskościami	lowelasowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskością	lowelasowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskości	lowelasowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskościom	lowelasowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskość	lowelasowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lowelasowskość	lowelasowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozakach	lozak	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozaka	lozak	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozakami	lozak	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozakiem	lozak	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozaki	lozak	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozaki	lozak	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozaki	lozak	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozak	lozak	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozak	lozak	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozakom	lozak	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozakowi	lozak	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozaków	lozak	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozaku	lozak	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozaku	lozak	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lozańscy	lozański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lozańska	lozański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lozańską	lozański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lozańską	lozański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lozańskich	lozański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lozańskich	lozański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lozańskich	lozański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lozańskiego	lozański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lozańskiego	lozański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lozańskiej	lozański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lozańskiej	lozański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lozańskiej	lozański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lozańskie	lozański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lozańskie	lozański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lozańskie	lozański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lozańskie	lozański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lozańskiemu	lozański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lozański	lozański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lozański	lozański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lozańskimi	lozański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lozańskim	lozański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lozańskim	lozański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lozańskim	lozański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lozańsko	lozański	adja		
lozańsku	lozański	adjp		
lozańsko	lozańsko	adv:pos		
lozańskościach	lozańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskościami	lozańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskością	lozańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskości	lozańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskościom	lozańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskość	lozańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lozańskość	lozańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożach	loża	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loża	loża	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożami	loża	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożą	loża	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
loże	loża	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
loże	loża	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
loże	loża	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożę	loża	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożo	loża	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożom	loża	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loży	loża	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
loży	loża	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
loży	loża	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóż	loża	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożmajster	lożmajster	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrach	lożmajster	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstra	lożmajster	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstra	lożmajster	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrami	lożmajster	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrem	lożmajster	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrom	lożmajster	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrowie	lożmajster	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrowie	lożmajster	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrowi	lożmajster	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrów	lożmajster	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrów	lożmajster	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstry	lożmajster	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstry	lożmajster	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrze	lożmajster	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrze	lożmajster	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrzy	lożmajster	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożmajstrzy	lożmajster	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lożowościach	lożowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowościami	lożowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowością	lożowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowości	lożowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowościom	lożowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowość	lożowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowość	lożowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lożowa	lożowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lożową	lożowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lożową	lożowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lożowego	lożowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lożowego	lożowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lożowej	lożowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lożowej	lożowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lożowej	lożowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lożowe	lożowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lożowe	lożowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lożowe	lożowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lożowe	lożowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lożowemu	lożowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lożowi	lożowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lożowo	lożowy	adja		
lożowych	lożowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lożowych	lożowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lożowych	lożowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lożowy	lożowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lożowy	lożowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lożowymi	lożowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lożowym	lożowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lożowym	lożowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lożowym	lożowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lodach	lód:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodami	lód:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodem	lód:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodom	lód:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodowi	lód:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodów	lód:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodu	lód:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lód:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lód:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lód:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzie	lód:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodzie	lód:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lód	lód:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lód	lód:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lodach	lód:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
loda	lód:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
loda	lód:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodami	lód:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodem	lód:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodom	lód:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodowi	lód:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodów	lód:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lód:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lód:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lody	lód:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodzie	lód:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lodzie	lód:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lód	lód:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lóżce	lóżka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżce	lóżka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżek	lóżka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżkach	lóżka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżka	lóżka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżkami	lóżka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżką	lóżka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżkę	lóżka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżki	lóżka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżki	lóżka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżki	lóżka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżki	lóżka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżko	lóżka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lóżkom	lóżka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lsknąca	lsknąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lsknącą	lsknąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lsknącego	lsknąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lsknącego	lsknąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsknącej	lsknąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lsknące	lsknąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsknące	lsknąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsknącemu	lsknąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsknąc	lsknąć	pcon:imperf		daw.
lsknąco	lsknąć	pacta		
lsknących	lsknąć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lsknących	lsknąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsknący	lsknąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lsknący	lsknąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lsknący	lsknąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lsknącymi	lsknąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsknącym	lsknąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsknącym	lsknąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsknąć	lsknąć	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
lskną	lsknąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknąłby	lsknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknąłbym	lsknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknąłbyś	lsknąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknąłem	lsknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknąłeś	lsknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknął	lsknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknął	lsknąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknąwszy	lsknąć	pant:perf		daw.
lsknęliby	lsknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęlibyście	lsknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęlibyśmy	lsknąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęli	lsknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęli	lsknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęliście	lsknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęliśmy	lsknąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknę	lsknąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłaby	lsknąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłabym	lsknąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłabyś	lsknąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęła	lsknąć	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęła	lsknąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłam	lsknąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłaś	lsknąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłoby	lsknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłobym	lsknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłobyś	lsknąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęło	lsknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęło	lsknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłom	lsknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłoś	lsknąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłyby	lsknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłybyście	lsknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłybyśmy	lsknąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęły	lsknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęły	lsknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłyście	lsknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknęłyśmy	lsknąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lskniecie	lsknąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknie	lsknąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lskniemy	lsknąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lskniesz	lsknąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknięciach	lsknąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięcia	lsknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięcia	lsknąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięciami	lsknąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięcie	lsknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięciem	lsknąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięciom	lsknąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięciu	lsknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięć	lsknąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsknięto	lsknąć	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknijcie	lsknąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknij	lsknąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsknijmy	lsknąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lskniąca	lsknić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lskniącą	lsknić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lskniącego	lsknić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lskniącego	lsknić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lskniącej	lsknić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lskniące	lsknić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lskniące	lsknić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lskniącemu	lsknić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lskniąc	lsknić	pcon:imperf		daw.
lskniąco	lsknić	pacta		
lskniących	lsknić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lskniących	lsknić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lskniący	lsknić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lskniący	lsknić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lskniący	lsknić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lskniącymi	lsknić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lskniącym	lsknić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lskniącym	lsknić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsknią	lsknić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lsknicie	lsknić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lsknić	lsknić	inf:imperf		daw.
lsknieniach	lsknić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknienia	lsknić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknienia	lsknić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknieniami	lsknić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknienie	lsknić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknieniem	lsknić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknieniom	lsknić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknieniu	lsknić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknień	lsknić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lsknię	lsknić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lsknijcie	lsknić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lsknij	lsknić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lsknijmy	lsknić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniliby	lsknić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lsknilibyście	lsknić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lsknilibyśmy	lsknić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lsknili	lsknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lsknili	lsknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniliście	lsknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniliśmy	lsknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lskni	lsknić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłaby	lsknić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłabym	lsknić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniłabyś	lsknić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniła	lsknić	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lskniła	lsknić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłam	lsknić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniłaś	lsknić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniłby	lsknić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłbym	lsknić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniłbyś	lsknić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniłem	lsknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniłeś	lsknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lsknił	lsknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lsknił	lsknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłoby	lsknić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłobym	lsknić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniłobyś	lsknić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniło	lsknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lskniło	lsknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłom	lsknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniłoś	lsknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniłyby	lsknić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłybyście	lsknić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniłybyśmy	lsknić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniły	lsknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lskniły	lsknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lskniłyście	lsknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lskniłyśmy	lsknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lsknimy	lsknić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lskniono	lsknić	imps:imperf		daw.
lsknisz	lsknić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lsnąca	lsnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lsnącą	lsnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lsnącego	lsnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lsnącego	lsnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsnącej	lsnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lsnące	lsnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsnące	lsnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsnącemu	lsnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsnąc	lsnąć	pcon:imperf		daw.
lsnąco	lsnąć	pacta		
lsnących	lsnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lsnących	lsnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsnący	lsnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lsnący	lsnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lsnący	lsnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lsnącymi	lsnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsnącym	lsnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lsnącym	lsnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lsnąć	lsnąć	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
lsną	lsnąć	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnąłby	lsnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnąłbym	lsnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnąłbyś	lsnąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnąłem	lsnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnąłeś	lsnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnął	lsnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnął	lsnąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnąwszy	lsnąć	pant:perf		daw.
lsnęliby	lsnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęlibyście	lsnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęlibyśmy	lsnąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęli	lsnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęli	lsnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęliście	lsnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęliśmy	lsnąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnę	lsnąć	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłaby	lsnąć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłabym	lsnąć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłabyś	lsnąć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęła	lsnąć	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęła	lsnąć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłam	lsnąć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłaś	lsnąć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłoby	lsnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłobym	lsnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłobyś	lsnąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęło	lsnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęło	lsnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłom	lsnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłoś	lsnąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłyby	lsnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłybyście	lsnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłybyśmy	lsnąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęły	lsnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęły	lsnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłyście	lsnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnęłyśmy	lsnąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsniecie	lsnąć	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnie	lsnąć	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lsniemy	lsnąć	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lsniesz	lsnąć	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnięciach	lsnąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięcia	lsnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięcia	lsnąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięciami	lsnąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięcie	lsnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięciem	lsnąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięciom	lsnąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięciu	lsnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięć	lsnąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lsnięto	lsnąć	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnijcie	lsnąć	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnij	lsnąć	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lsnijmy	lsnąć	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknąca	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lśknącą	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lśknącego	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lśknącego	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknącej	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lśknące	lśknąć:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknące	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknącemu	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknąc	lśknąć:v1	pcon:imperf		daw.
lśknąco	lśknąć:v1	pacta		
lśknących	lśknąć:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśknących	lśknąć:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknący	lśknąć:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśknący	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lśknący	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lśknącymi	lśknąć:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknącym	lśknąć:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknącym	lśknąć:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknąć	lśknąć:v1	inf:imperf		daw.
lśkną	lśknąć:v1	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknąłby	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknąłbym	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknąłbyś	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknąłem	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknąłeś	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknął	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lśknął	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęliby	lśknąć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęlibyście	lśknąć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęlibyśmy	lśknąć:v1	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknęli	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lśknęli	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęliście	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęliśmy	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknę	lśknąć:v1	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknęłaby	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęłabym	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknęłabyś	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęła	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lśknęła	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęłam	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknęłaś	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęłoby	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęłobym	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknęłobyś	lśknąć:v1	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęło	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lśknęło	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęłom	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknęłoś	lśknąć:v1	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęłyby	lśknąć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęłybyście	lśknąć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęłybyśmy	lśknąć:v1	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknęły	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lśknęły	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknęłyście	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknęłyśmy	lśknąć:v1	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniecie	lśknąć:v1	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknie	lśknąć:v1	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniemy	lśknąć:v1	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniesz	lśknąć:v1	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknięciach	lśknąć:v1	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięcia	lśknąć:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięcia	lśknąć:v1	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięciami	lśknąć:v1	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięcie	lśknąć:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięciem	lśknąć:v1	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięciom	lśknąć:v1	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięciu	lśknąć:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięć	lśknąć:v1	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknięto	lśknąć:v1	imps:imperf		daw.
lśknijcie	lśknąć:v1	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknij	lśknąć:v1	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknijmy	lśknąć:v1	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknąca	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lśknącą	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lśknącego	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lśknącego	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknącej	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lśknące	lśknąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknące	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknącemu	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknąc	lśknąć:v2	pcon:imperf		daw.
lśknąco	lśknąć:v2	pacta		
lśknących	lśknąć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśknących	lśknąć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknący	lśknąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśknący	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lśknący	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lśknącymi	lśknąć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknącym	lśknąć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśknącym	lśknąć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknąć	lśknąć:v2	inf:imperf.perf		daw.
lśkną	lśknąć:v2	fin:pl:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknąłby	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknąłbym	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknąłbyś	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknąłem	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknąłeś	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknął	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknął	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknąwszy	lśknąć:v2	pant:perf		daw.
lśknęliby	lśknąć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęlibyście	lśknąć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęlibyśmy	lśknąć:v2	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęli	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęli	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęliście	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęliśmy	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknę	lśknąć:v2	fin:sg:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłaby	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłabym	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłabyś	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęła	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:f:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęła	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłam	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłaś	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłoby	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłobym	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłobyś	lśknąć:v2	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęło	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęło	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłom	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłoś	lśknąć:v2	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłyby	lśknąć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłybyście	lśknąć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłybyśmy	lśknąć:v2	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęły	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęły	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłyście	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknęłyśmy	lśknąć:v2	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśkniecie	lśknąć:v2	fin:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknie	lśknąć:v2	fin:sg:ter:imperf.perf		daw.
lśkniemy	lśknąć:v2	fin:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśkniesz	lśknąć:v2	fin:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknięciach	lśknąć:v2	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięcia	lśknąć:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięcia	lśknąć:v2	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięciami	lśknąć:v2	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięcie	lśknąć:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięciem	lśknąć:v2	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięciom	lśknąć:v2	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięciu	lśknąć:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięć	lśknąć:v2	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf.perf:aff		
lśknięto	lśknąć:v2	imps:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknijcie	lśknąć:v2	impt:pl:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknij	lśknąć:v2	impt:sg:sec:imperf.perf		daw.
lśknijmy	lśknąć:v2	impt:pl:pri:imperf.perf		daw.
lśkniąca	lśknić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lśkniącą	lśknić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lśkniącego	lśknić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lśkniącego	lśknić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśkniącej	lśknić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lśkniące	lśknić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśkniące	lśknić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśkniącemu	lśknić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśkniąc	lśknić	pcon:imperf		daw.
lśkniąco	lśknić	pacta		
lśkniących	lśknić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśkniących	lśknić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśkniący	lśknić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśkniący	lśknić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lśkniący	lśknić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lśkniącymi	lśknić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśkniącym	lśknić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśkniącym	lśknić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśknią	lśknić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknicie	lśknić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknić	lśknić	inf:imperf		daw.
lśknieniach	lśknić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknienia	lśknić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknienia	lśknić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknieniami	lśknić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknienie	lśknić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknieniem	lśknić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknieniom	lśknić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknieniu	lśknić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknień	lśknić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lśknię	lśknić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknijcie	lśknić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknij	lśknić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknijmy	lśknić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniliby	lśknić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lśknilibyście	lśknić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknilibyśmy	lśknić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknili	lśknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lśknili	lśknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniliście	lśknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniliśmy	lśknić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkni	lśknić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłaby	lśknić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłabym	lśknić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniłabyś	lśknić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniła	lśknić	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lśkniła	lśknić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłam	lśknić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniłaś	lśknić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniłby	lśknić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłbym	lśknić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniłbyś	lśknić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniłem	lśknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniłeś	lśknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśknił	lśknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lśknił	lśknić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłoby	lśknić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłobym	lśknić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniłobyś	lśknić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniło	lśknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lśkniło	lśknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłom	lśknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniłoś	lśknić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniłyby	lśknić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłybyście	lśknić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniłybyśmy	lśknić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniły	lśknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lśkniły	lśknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lśkniłyście	lśknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lśkniłyśmy	lśknić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lśknimy	lśknić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lśkniono	lśknić	imps:imperf		daw.
lśknisz	lśknić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lśniąco	lśniąco	adv:pos		
lśniącościach	lśniącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącościami	lśniącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącością	lśniącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącości	lśniącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącościom	lśniącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącość	lśniącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniącość	lśniącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśniąca	lśniący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lśniącą	lśniący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lśniącą	lśniący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lśniącego	lśniący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lśniącego	lśniący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśniącej	lśniący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lśniącej	lśniący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lśniącej	lśniący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lśniące	lśniący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lśniące	lśniący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lśniące	lśniący	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lśniące	lśniący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lśniącemu	lśniący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśniąco	lśniący	adja		
lśniących	lśniący	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lśniących	lśniący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśniących	lśniący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśniący	lśniący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lśniący	lśniący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lśniący	lśniący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lśniącymi	lśniący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśniącym	lśniący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśniącym	lśniący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśniącym	lśniący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśniąca	lśnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lśniącą	lśnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lśniącego	lśnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lśniącego	lśnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśniącej	lśnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lśniące	lśnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśniące	lśnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśniącemu	lśnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśniąc	lśnić	pcon:imperf		
lśniąco	lśnić	pacta		
lśniących	lśnić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśniących	lśnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśniący	lśnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśniący	lśnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lśniący	lśnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lśniącymi	lśnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśniącym	lśnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśniącym	lśnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśnią	lśnić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lśnicie	lśnić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lśnić	lśnić	inf:imperf		
lśnieniach	lśnić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnienia	lśnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnienia	lśnić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnieniami	lśnić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnienie	lśnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnieniem	lśnić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnieni	lśnić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśnieniom	lśnić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnieniu	lśnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnień	lśnić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lśnię	lśnić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lśnijcie	lśnić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lśnij	lśnić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lśnijmy	lśnić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lśniliby	lśnić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lśnilibyście	lśnić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lśnilibyśmy	lśnić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lśnili	lśnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lśnili	lśnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lśniliście	lśnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lśniliśmy	lśnić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lśni	lśnić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lśniłaby	lśnić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lśniłabym	lśnić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lśniłabyś	lśnić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lśniła	lśnić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lśniła	lśnić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lśniłam	lśnić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lśniłaś	lśnić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lśniłby	lśnić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lśniłbym	lśnić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lśniłbyś	lśnić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lśniłem	lśnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lśniłeś	lśnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lśnił	lśnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lśnił	lśnić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lśniłoby	lśnić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lśniłobym	lśnić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lśniłobyś	lśnić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lśniło	lśnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lśniło	lśnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lśniłom	lśnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lśniłoś	lśnić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lśniłyby	lśnić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lśniłybyście	lśnić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lśniłybyśmy	lśnić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lśniły	lśnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lśniły	lśnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lśniłyście	lśnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lśniłyśmy	lśnić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lśnimy	lśnić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lśniona	lśnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lśnioną	lśnić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lśnionego	lśnić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lśnionego	lśnić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśnionej	lśnić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lśnione	lśnić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśnione	lśnić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśnionemu	lśnić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśniono	lśnić	imps:imperf		
lśnionych	lśnić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lśnionych	lśnić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśniony	lśnić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lśniony	lśnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lśnionymi	lśnić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśnionym	lśnić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lśnionym	lśnić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lśnisz	lśnić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lśnieniach	lśnienie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnienia	lśnienie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnienia	lśnienie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnienia	lśnienie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnienia	lśnienie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnieniami	lśnienie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnienie	lśnienie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnienie	lśnienie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnienie	lśnienie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnieniem	lśnienie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnieniom	lśnienie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnieniu	lśnienie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnieniu	lśnienie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnień	lśnienie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistościach	lśnistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistościami	lśnistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistością	lśnistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistości	lśnistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistościom	lśnistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistość	lśnistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnistość	lśnistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lśnista	lśnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lśnistą	lśnisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lśnistą	lśnisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lśnistego	lśnisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lśnistego	lśnisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśnistej	lśnisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lśnistej	lśnisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lśnistej	lśnisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lśniste	lśnisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lśniste	lśnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lśniste	lśnisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lśniste	lśnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lśnistemu	lśnisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśnisto	lśnisty	adja		
lśnistych	lśnisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lśnistych	lśnisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśnistych	lśnisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśnisty	lśnisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lśnisty	lśnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lśnistymi	lśnisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśnistym	lśnisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lśnistym	lśnisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśnistym	lśnisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lśniści	lśnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lśniwach	lśniwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwa	lśniwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwa	lśniwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwa	lśniwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwa	lśniwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwami	lśniwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwem	lśniwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwie	lśniwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniw	lśniwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwo	lśniwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwo	lśniwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwo	lśniwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwom	lśniwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lśniwu	lśniwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
lu	lu	interj		
luandzcy	luandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luandzka	luandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luandzką	luandzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luandzką	luandzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luandzkich	luandzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luandzkich	luandzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luandzkich	luandzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luandzkiego	luandzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luandzkiego	luandzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luandzkiej	luandzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luandzkiej	luandzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luandzkiej	luandzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luandzkie	luandzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luandzkie	luandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luandzkie	luandzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luandzkie	luandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luandzkiemu	luandzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luandzki	luandzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luandzki	luandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luandzkimi	luandzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luandzkim	luandzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luandzkim	luandzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luandzkim	luandzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luandzko	luandzki	adja		
luandzku	luandzki	adjp		
luandzko	luandzko	adv:pos		
luandzkościach	luandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkościami	luandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkością	luandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkości	luandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkościom	luandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkość	luandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luandzkość	luandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lub	lub	conj		
luba	luba	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luba	luba	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubą	luba	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubą	luba	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubej	luba	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubej	luba	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubej	luba	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lube	luba	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lube	luba	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lube	luba	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubych	luba	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubych	luba	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubymi	luba	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubym	luba	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowscy	lubaczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubaczowska	lubaczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubaczowską	lubaczowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubaczowską	lubaczowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubaczowskich	lubaczowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubaczowskich	lubaczowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaczowskich	lubaczowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaczowskiego	lubaczowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubaczowskiego	lubaczowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaczowskiej	lubaczowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubaczowskiej	lubaczowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubaczowskiej	lubaczowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubaczowskie	lubaczowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubaczowskie	lubaczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubaczowskie	lubaczowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubaczowskie	lubaczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubaczowskiemu	lubaczowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaczowski	lubaczowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubaczowski	lubaczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubaczowskimi	lubaczowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaczowskim	lubaczowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaczowskim	lubaczowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaczowskim	lubaczowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaczowsko	lubaczowski	adja		
lubaczowsku	lubaczowski	adjp		
lubaczowsko	lubaczowsko	adv:pos		
lubaczowskościach	lubaczowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskościami	lubaczowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskością	lubaczowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskości	lubaczowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskościom	lubaczowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskość	lubaczowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaczowskość	lubaczowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańscy	lubański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubańska	lubański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubańską	lubański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubańską	lubański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubańskich	lubański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubańskich	lubański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubańskich	lubański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubańskiego	lubański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubańskiego	lubański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubańskiej	lubański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubańskiej	lubański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubańskiej	lubański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubańskie	lubański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubańskie	lubański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubańskie	lubański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubańskie	lubański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubańskiemu	lubański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubański	lubański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubański	lubański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubańskimi	lubański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubańskim	lubański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubańskim	lubański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubańskim	lubański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubańsko	lubański	adja		
lubańsku	lubański	adjp		
lubańsko	lubańsko	adv:pos		
lubańskościach	lubańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskościami	lubańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskością	lubańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskości	lubańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskościom	lubańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskość	lubańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubańskość	lubańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowscy	lubartowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubartowska	lubartowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubartowską	lubartowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubartowską	lubartowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubartowskich	lubartowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubartowskich	lubartowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubartowskich	lubartowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubartowskiego	lubartowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubartowskiego	lubartowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubartowskiej	lubartowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubartowskiej	lubartowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubartowskiej	lubartowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubartowskie	lubartowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubartowskie	lubartowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubartowskie	lubartowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubartowskie	lubartowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubartowskiemu	lubartowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubartowski	lubartowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubartowski	lubartowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubartowskimi	lubartowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubartowskim	lubartowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubartowskim	lubartowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubartowskim	lubartowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubartowsko	lubartowski	adja		
lubartowsku	lubartowski	adjp		
lubartowsko	lubartowsko	adv:pos		
lubartowskościach	lubartowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskościami	lubartowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskością	lubartowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskości	lubartowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskościom	lubartowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskość	lubartowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubartowskość	lubartowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubascy	lubaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubaska	lubaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubaską	lubaski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubaską	lubaski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubaskich	lubaski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubaskich	lubaski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaskich	lubaski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaskiego	lubaski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubaskiego	lubaski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaskiej	lubaski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubaskiej	lubaski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubaskiej	lubaski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubaskie	lubaski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubaskie	lubaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubaskie	lubaski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubaskie	lubaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubaskiemu	lubaski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaski	lubaski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubaski	lubaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubaskimi	lubaski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaskim	lubaski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaskim	lubaski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaskim	lubaski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubasko	lubaski	adja		
lubasku	lubaski	adjp		
lubasko	lubasko	adv:pos		
lubaskościach	lubaskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskościami	lubaskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskością	lubaskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskości	lubaskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskościom	lubaskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskość	lubaskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaskość	lubaskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszce	lubaszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszce	lubaszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszek	lubaszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszkach	lubaszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszka	lubaszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszkami	lubaszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszką	lubaszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszkę	lubaszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszki	lubaszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszki	lubaszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszki	lubaszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszki	lubaszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszko	lubaszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaszkom	lubaszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweccy	lubawecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubawecka	lubawecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubawecką	lubawecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubawecką	lubawecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubaweckich	lubawecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubaweckich	lubawecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaweckich	lubawecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaweckiego	lubawecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubaweckiego	lubawecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaweckiej	lubawecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubaweckiej	lubawecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubaweckiej	lubawecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubaweckie	lubawecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubaweckie	lubawecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubaweckie	lubawecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubaweckie	lubawecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubaweckiemu	lubawecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubawecki	lubawecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubawecki	lubawecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubaweckimi	lubawecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaweckim	lubawecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubaweckim	lubawecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubaweckim	lubawecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubawecko	lubawecki	adja		
lubawecku	lubawecki	adjp		
lubawecko	lubawecko	adv:pos		
lubaweckościach	lubaweckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckościami	lubaweckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckością	lubaweckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckości	lubaweckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckościom	lubaweckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckość	lubaweckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubaweckość	lubaweckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawscy	lubawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubawska	lubawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubawską	lubawski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubawską	lubawski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubawskich	lubawski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubawskich	lubawski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubawskich	lubawski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubawskiego	lubawski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubawskiego	lubawski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubawskiej	lubawski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubawskiej	lubawski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubawskiej	lubawski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubawskie	lubawski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubawskie	lubawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubawskie	lubawski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubawskie	lubawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubawskiemu	lubawski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubawski	lubawski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubawski	lubawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubawskimi	lubawski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubawskim	lubawski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubawskim	lubawski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubawskim	lubawski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubawsko	lubawski	adja		
lubawsku	lubawski	adjp		
lubawsko	lubawsko	adv:pos		
lubawskościach	lubawskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskościami	lubawskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskością	lubawskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskości	lubawskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskościom	lubawskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskość	lubawskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubawskość	lubawskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubciach	lubcia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubcia	lubcia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubciami	lubcia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubcią	lubcia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubcie	lubcia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubcie	lubcia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubcie	lubcia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubcię	lubcia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubci	lubcia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.
lubci	lubcia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubci	lubcia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubci	lubcia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubciom	lubcia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubciu	lubcia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubć	lubcia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|przest.
lubczykach	lubczyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykami	lubczyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykiem	lubczyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyki	lubczyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyki	lubczyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyki	lubczyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyk	lubczyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyk	lubczyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykom	lubczyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowi	lubczyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyków	lubczyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyku	lubczyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyku	lubczyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczyku	lubczyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowościach	lubczykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowościami	lubczykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowością	lubczykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowości	lubczykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowościom	lubczykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowość	lubczykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowość	lubczykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubczykowa	lubczykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubczykową	lubczykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubczykową	lubczykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubczykowego	lubczykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubczykowego	lubczykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubczykowej	lubczykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubczykowej	lubczykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubczykowej	lubczykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubczykowe	lubczykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubczykowe	lubczykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubczykowe	lubczykowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubczykowe	lubczykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubczykowemu	lubczykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubczykowi	lubczykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubczykowo	lubczykowy	adja		
lubczykowych	lubczykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubczykowych	lubczykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubczykowych	lubczykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubczykowy	lubczykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubczykowy	lubczykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubczykowymi	lubczykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubczykowym	lubczykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubczykowym	lubczykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubczykowym	lubczykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubeccy	lubecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubecka	lubecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubecką	lubecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubecką	lubecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubeckich	lubecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubeckich	lubecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeckich	lubecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeckiego	lubecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubeckiego	lubecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubeckiej	lubecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubeckiej	lubecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubeckiej	lubecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubeckie	lubecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubeckie	lubecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubeckie	lubecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubeckie	lubecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubeckiemu	lubecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubecki	lubecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubecki	lubecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubeckimi	lubecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeckim	lubecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeckim	lubecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubeckim	lubecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubecko	lubecki	adja		
lubecku	lubecki	adjp		
lubeckicie	lubeckit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckicie	lubeckit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckitach	lubeckit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckitami	lubeckit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckitem	lubeckit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckit	lubeckit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckit	lubeckit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckitom	lubeckit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckitowi	lubeckit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckitów	lubeckit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckitu	lubeckit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckity	lubeckit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckity	lubeckit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckity	lubeckit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubecko	lubecko	adv:pos		
lubeckościach	lubeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckościami	lubeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckością	lubeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckości	lubeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckościom	lubeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckość	lubeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeckość	lubeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelscy	lubelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubelska	lubelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubelską	lubelski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubelską	lubelski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubelskich	lubelski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubelskich	lubelski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubelskich	lubelski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubelskiego	lubelski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubelskiego	lubelski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubelskiej	lubelski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubelskiej	lubelski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubelskiej	lubelski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubelskie	lubelski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubelskie	lubelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubelskie	lubelski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubelskie	lubelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubelskiemu	lubelski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubelski	lubelski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubelski	lubelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubelskimi	lubelski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubelskim	lubelski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubelskim	lubelski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubelskim	lubelski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubelsko	lubelski	adja		
lubelsku	lubelski	adjp		
lubelsko	lubelsko	adv:pos		
lubelskościach	lubelskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskościami	lubelskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskością	lubelskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskości	lubelskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskościom	lubelskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskość	lubelskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubelskość	lubelskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeniek	lubeńka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńce	lubeńka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńce	lubeńka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńkach	lubeńka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńka	lubeńka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńkami	lubeńka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńką	lubeńka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńkę	lubeńka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńki	lubeńka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńki	lubeńka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńki	lubeńka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńki	lubeńka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńko	lubeńka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńkom	lubeńka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubeńscy	lubeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubeńska	lubeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubeńską	lubeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubeńską	lubeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubeńskich	lubeński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubeńskich	lubeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeńskich	lubeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeńskiego	lubeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubeńskiego	lubeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubeńskiej	lubeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubeńskiej	lubeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubeńskiej	lubeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubeńskie	lubeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubeńskie	lubeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubeńskie	lubeński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubeńskie	lubeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubeńskiemu	lubeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubeński	lubeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubeński	lubeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubeńskimi	lubeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeńskim	lubeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubeńskim	lubeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubeńskim	lubeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubeńsko	lubeński	adja		
lubeńsku	lubeński	adjp		
lubeńsko	lubeńsko	adv:pos		
lubeńskościach	lubeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskościami	lubeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskością	lubeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskości	lubeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskościom	lubeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskość	lubeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubeńskość	lubeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberscy	luberski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luberska	luberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luberską	luberski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luberską	luberski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luberskich	luberski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luberskich	luberski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luberskich	luberski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luberskiego	luberski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luberskiego	luberski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luberskiej	luberski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luberskiej	luberski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luberskiej	luberski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luberskie	luberski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luberskie	luberski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luberskie	luberski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luberskie	luberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luberskiemu	luberski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luberski	luberski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luberski	luberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luberskimi	luberski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luberskim	luberski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luberskim	luberski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luberskim	luberski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubersko	luberski	adja		
lubersku	luberski	adjp		
lubersko	lubersko	adv:pos		
luberskościach	luberskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskościami	luberskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskością	luberskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskości	luberskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskościom	luberskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskość	luberskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luberskość	luberskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąscy	lubiąski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubiąska	lubiąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubiąską	lubiąski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubiąską	lubiąski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubiąskich	lubiąski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubiąskich	lubiąski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiąskich	lubiąski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiąskiego	lubiąski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubiąskiego	lubiąski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiąskiej	lubiąski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubiąskiej	lubiąski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubiąskiej	lubiąski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubiąskie	lubiąski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubiąskie	lubiąski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubiąskie	lubiąski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubiąskie	lubiąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubiąskiemu	lubiąski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiąski	lubiąski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubiąski	lubiąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubiąskimi	lubiąski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiąskim	lubiąski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiąskim	lubiąski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiąskim	lubiąski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiąsko	lubiąski	adja		
lubiąsku	lubiąski	adjp		
lubiąsko	lubiąsko	adv:pos		
lubiąskościach	lubiąskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskościami	lubiąskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskością	lubiąskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskości	lubiąskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskościom	lubiąskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskość	lubiąskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiąskość	lubiąskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowscy	lubichowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubichowska	lubichowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubichowską	lubichowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubichowską	lubichowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubichowskich	lubichowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubichowskich	lubichowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubichowskich	lubichowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubichowskiego	lubichowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubichowskiego	lubichowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubichowskiej	lubichowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubichowskiej	lubichowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubichowskiej	lubichowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubichowskie	lubichowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubichowskie	lubichowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubichowskie	lubichowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubichowskie	lubichowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubichowskiemu	lubichowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubichowski	lubichowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubichowski	lubichowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubichowskimi	lubichowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubichowskim	lubichowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubichowskim	lubichowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubichowskim	lubichowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubichowsko	lubichowski	adja		
lubichowsku	lubichowski	adjp		
lubichowsko	lubichowsko	adv:pos		
lubichowskościach	lubichowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskościami	lubichowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskością	lubichowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskości	lubichowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskościom	lubichowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskość	lubichowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubichowskość	lubichowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubcie	lubić	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lubiana	lubić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lubianą	lubić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lubianego	lubić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lubianego	lubić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubianej	lubić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lubiane	lubić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubiane	lubić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubianemu	lubić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubiani	lubić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lubiano	lubić	imps:imperf		
lubianych	lubić	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lubianych	lubić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubiany	lubić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lubiany	lubić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lubianymi	lubić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubianym	lubić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubianym	lubić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubiąca	lubić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lubiącą	lubić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lubiącego	lubić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lubiącego	lubić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubiącej	lubić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lubiące	lubić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubiące	lubić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubiącemu	lubić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubiąc	lubić	pcon:imperf		
lubiąco	lubić	pacta		
lubiących	lubić	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lubiących	lubić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubiący	lubić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lubiący	lubić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lubiący	lubić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lubiącymi	lubić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubiącym	lubić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubiącym	lubić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubią	lubić	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lubicie	lubić	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lubić	lubić	inf:imperf		
lubieniach	lubić	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubienia	lubić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubienia	lubić	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lubieniami	lubić	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lubienie	lubić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubieniem	lubić	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lubieniom	lubić	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lubieniu	lubić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubień	lubić	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lubię	lubić	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lubiliby	lubić	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lubilibyście	lubić	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lubilibyśmy	lubić	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lubili	lubić	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lubili	lubić	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lubiliście	lubić	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lubiliśmy	lubić	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lubi	lubić	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lubiłaby	lubić	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lubiłabym	lubić	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lubiłabyś	lubić	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lubiła	lubić	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lubiła	lubić	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lubiłam	lubić	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lubiłaś	lubić	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lubiłby	lubić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lubiłbym	lubić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lubiłbyś	lubić	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lubiłem	lubić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lubiłeś	lubić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lubił	lubić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lubił	lubić	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lubiłoby	lubić	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lubiłobym	lubić	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lubiłobyś	lubić	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lubiło	lubić	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lubiło	lubić	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lubiłom	lubić	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lubiłoś	lubić	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lubiłyby	lubić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lubiłybyście	lubić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lubiłybyśmy	lubić	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lubiły	lubić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lubiły	lubić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lubiłyście	lubić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lubiłyśmy	lubić	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lubimy	lubić	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lubisz	lubić	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lub	lubić	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lubmy	lubić	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lubieńscy	lubieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubieńska	lubieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubieńską	lubieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubieńską	lubieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubieńskich	lubieński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubieńskich	lubieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieńskich	lubieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieńskiego	lubieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubieńskiego	lubieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubieńskiej	lubieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubieńskiej	lubieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubieńskiej	lubieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubieńskie	lubieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubieńskie	lubieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubieńskie	lubieński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubieńskie	lubieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubieńskiemu	lubieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubieński	lubieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubieński	lubieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubieńskimi	lubieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieńskim	lubieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieńskim	lubieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubieńskim	lubieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubieńsko	lubieński	adja		
lubieńsku	lubieński	adjp		
lubieńsko	lubieńsko	adv:pos		
lubieńskościach	lubieńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskościami	lubieńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskością	lubieńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskości	lubieńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskościom	lubieńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskość	lubieńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieńskość	lubieńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewscy	lubiewski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubiewska	lubiewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubiewską	lubiewski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubiewską	lubiewski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubiewskich	lubiewski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubiewskich	lubiewski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiewskich	lubiewski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiewskiego	lubiewski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubiewskiego	lubiewski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiewskiej	lubiewski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubiewskiej	lubiewski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubiewskiej	lubiewski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubiewskie	lubiewski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubiewskie	lubiewski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubiewskie	lubiewski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubiewskie	lubiewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubiewskiemu	lubiewski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiewski	lubiewski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubiewski	lubiewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubiewskimi	lubiewski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiewskim	lubiewski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiewskim	lubiewski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiewskim	lubiewski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiewsko	lubiewski	adja		
lubiewsku	lubiewski	adjp		
lubiewsko	lubiewsko	adv:pos		
lubiewskościach	lubiewskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskościami	lubiewskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskością	lubiewskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskości	lubiewskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskościom	lubiewskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskość	lubiewskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiewskość	lubiewskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżach	lubież	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieżami	lubież	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieżą	lubież	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieże	lubież	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieże	lubież	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieże	lubież	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubież	lubież	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubież	lubież	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieżom	lubież	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieży	lubież	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieży	lubież	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieży	lubież	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieży	lubież	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieży	lubież	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubieżnicach	lubieżnica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnica	lubieżnica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicami	lubieżnica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicą	lubieżnica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnice	lubieżnica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnice	lubieżnica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnice	lubieżnica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicę	lubieżnica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnic	lubieżnica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnico	lubieżnica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicom	lubieżnica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicy	lubieżnica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicy	lubieżnica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicy	lubieżnica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżniej	lubieżnie	adv:com		
lubieżnie	lubieżnie	adv:pos		
lubieżnicy	lubieżnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnicy	lubieżnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnikach	lubieżnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnika	lubieżnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnika	lubieżnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnikami	lubieżnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnikiem	lubieżnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżniki	lubieżnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżniki	lubieżnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnik	lubieżnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnikom	lubieżnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnikowi	lubieżnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżników	lubieżnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżników	lubieżnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżniku	lubieżnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżniku	lubieżnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnościach	lubieżność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnościami	lubieżność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnością	lubieżność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżności	lubieżność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżnościom	lubieżność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżność	lubieżność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżność	lubieżność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubieżna	lubieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubieżną	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubieżną	lubieżny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubieżnego	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubieżnego	lubieżny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubieżnej	lubieżny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubieżnej	lubieżny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubieżnej	lubieżny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubieżne	lubieżny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubieżne	lubieżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubieżne	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubieżne	lubieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubieżnemu	lubieżny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubieżniejsi	lubieżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
lubieżniejsza	lubieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszą	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszą	lubieżny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszego	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszego	lubieżny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszej	lubieżny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszej	lubieżny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszej	lubieżny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		rzad.
lubieżniejsze	lubieżny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejsze	lubieżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejsze	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
lubieżniejsze	lubieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszemu	lubieżny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszych	lubieżny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszych	lubieżny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszych	lubieżny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszy	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszy	lubieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszymi	lubieżny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszym	lubieżny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszym	lubieżny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lubieżniejszym	lubieżny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		rzad.
lubieżni	lubieżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubieżno	lubieżny	adja		
lubieżnych	lubieżny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubieżnych	lubieżny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieżnych	lubieżny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieżny	lubieżny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubieżny	lubieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubieżnymi	lubieżny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieżnym	lubieżny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubieżnym	lubieżny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubieżnym	lubieżny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubińscy	lubiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubińska	lubiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubińską	lubiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubińską	lubiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubińskich	lubiński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubińskich	lubiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubińskich	lubiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubińskiego	lubiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubińskiego	lubiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubińskiej	lubiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubińskiej	lubiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubińskiej	lubiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubińskie	lubiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubińskie	lubiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubińskie	lubiński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubińskie	lubiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubińskiemu	lubiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiński	lubiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubiński	lubiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubińskimi	lubiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubińskim	lubiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubińskim	lubiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubińskim	lubiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubińsko	lubiński	adja		
lubińsku	lubiński	adjp		
lubińsko	lubińsko	adv:pos		
lubińskościach	lubińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskościami	lubińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskością	lubińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskości	lubińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskościom	lubińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskość	lubińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubińskość	lubińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńscy	lubiszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubiszyńska	lubiszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubiszyńską	lubiszyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubiszyńską	lubiszyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubiszyńskich	lubiszyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubiszyńskich	lubiszyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiszyńskich	lubiszyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiszyńskiego	lubiszyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubiszyńskiego	lubiszyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiszyńskiej	lubiszyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubiszyńskiej	lubiszyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubiszyńskiej	lubiszyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubiszyńskie	lubiszyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubiszyńskie	lubiszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubiszyńskie	lubiszyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubiszyńskie	lubiszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubiszyńskiemu	lubiszyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiszyński	lubiszyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubiszyński	lubiszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubiszyńskimi	lubiszyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiszyńskim	lubiszyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubiszyńskim	lubiszyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiszyńskim	lubiszyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubiszyńsko	lubiszyński	adja		
lubiszyńsku	lubiszyński	adjp		
lubiszyńsko	lubiszyńsko	adv:pos		
lubiszyńskościach	lubiszyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskościami	lubiszyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskością	lubiszyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskości	lubiszyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskościom	lubiszyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskość	lubiszyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubiszyńskość	lubiszyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubce	lubka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubce	lubka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubek	lubka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubkach	lubka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubka	lubka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubkami	lubka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubką	lubka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubkę	lubka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubki	lubka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubki	lubka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubki	lubka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubki	lubka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubko	lubka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubkom	lubka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubkusiach	lubkuś	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusia	lubkuś	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusia	lubkuś	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiami	lubkuś	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusie	lubkuś	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusie	lubkuś	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusie	lubkuś	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusie	lubkuś	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiem	lubkuś	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiom	lubkuś	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiowi	lubkuś	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiów	lubkuś	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiów	lubkuś	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiu	lubkuś	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkusiu	lubkuś	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubkuś	lubkuś	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lublańscy	lublański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lublańska	lublański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lublańską	lublański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lublańską	lublański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lublańskich	lublański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lublańskich	lublański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublańskich	lublański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublańskiego	lublański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lublańskiego	lublański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lublańskiej	lublański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lublańskiej	lublański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lublańskiej	lublański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lublańskie	lublański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lublańskie	lublański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lublańskie	lublański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lublańskie	lublański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lublańskiemu	lublański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lublański	lublański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lublański	lublański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lublańskimi	lublański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublańskim	lublański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublańskim	lublański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lublańskim	lublański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lublańsko	lublański	adja		
lublańsku	lublański	adjp		
lublańsko	lublańsko	adv:pos		
lublańskościach	lublańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskościami	lublańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskością	lublańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskości	lublańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskościom	lublańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskość	lublańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublańskość	lublańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lublinach	lublin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublina	lublin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinami	lublin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinem	lublin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinie	lublin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinie	lublin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublin	lublin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublin	lublin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinom	lublin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinowi	lublin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinów	lublin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubliny	lublin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubliny	lublin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubliny	lublin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianach	lublinianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianami	lublinianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianie	lublinianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianie	lublinianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianina	lublinianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianina	lublinianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianinem	lublinianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianinie	lublinianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianinie	lublinianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianin	lublinianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianinowi	lublinianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinian	lublinianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinian	lublinianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lublinianom	lublinianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubliniany	lublinianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lubliniany	lublinianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lublinieccy	lubliniecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubliniecka	lubliniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubliniecką	lubliniecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubliniecką	lubliniecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lublinieckich	lubliniecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lublinieckich	lubliniecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublinieckich	lubliniecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublinieckiego	lubliniecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lublinieckiego	lubliniecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lublinieckiej	lubliniecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lublinieckiej	lubliniecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lublinieckiej	lubliniecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lublinieckie	lubliniecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lublinieckie	lubliniecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lublinieckie	lubliniecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lublinieckie	lubliniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lublinieckiemu	lubliniecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubliniecki	lubliniecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubliniecki	lubliniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lublinieckimi	lubliniecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublinieckim	lubliniecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lublinieckim	lubliniecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lublinieckim	lubliniecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubliniecko	lubliniecki	adja		
lubliniecku	lubliniecki	adjp		
lubliniecko	lubliniecko	adv:pos		
lublinieckościach	lublinieckość	subst:pl:loc:f		
lublinieckościami	lublinieckość	subst:pl:inst:f		
lublinieckością	lublinieckość	subst:sg:inst:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:pl:acc:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:pl:gen:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:pl:nom:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:pl:voc:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:sg:dat:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:sg:gen:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:sg:loc:f		
lublinieckości	lublinieckość	subst:sg:voc:f		
lublinieckościom	lublinieckość	subst:pl:dat:f		
lublinieckość	lublinieckość	subst:sg:acc:f		
lublinieckość	lublinieckość	subst:sg:nom:f		
lublinicie	lublinit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinicie	lublinit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinitach	lublinit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinitami	lublinit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinitem	lublinit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinit	lublinit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinit	lublinit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinitom	lublinit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinitowi	lublinit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinitów	lublinit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinitu	lublinit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinity	lublinit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinity	lublinit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lublinity	lublinit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewiccy	lubniewicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubniewicka	lubniewicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubniewicką	lubniewicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubniewicką	lubniewicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubniewickich	lubniewicki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubniewickich	lubniewicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubniewickich	lubniewicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubniewickiego	lubniewicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubniewickiego	lubniewicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubniewickiej	lubniewicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubniewickiej	lubniewicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubniewickiej	lubniewicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubniewickie	lubniewicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubniewickie	lubniewicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubniewickie	lubniewicki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubniewickie	lubniewicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubniewickiemu	lubniewicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubniewicki	lubniewicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubniewicki	lubniewicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubniewickimi	lubniewicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubniewickim	lubniewicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubniewickim	lubniewicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubniewickim	lubniewicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubniewicko	lubniewicki	adja		
lubniewicku	lubniewicki	adjp		
lubniewicko	lubniewicko	adv:pos		
lubniewickościach	lubniewickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickościami	lubniewickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickością	lubniewickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickości	lubniewickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickościom	lubniewickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickość	lubniewickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubniewickość	lubniewickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubo	lubo:c	comp		przest.
lubocheńscy	lubocheński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubocheńska	lubocheński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubocheńską	lubocheński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubocheńską	lubocheński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubocheńskich	lubocheński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubocheńskich	lubocheński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubocheńskich	lubocheński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubocheńskiego	lubocheński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubocheńskiego	lubocheński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubocheńskiej	lubocheński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubocheńskiej	lubocheński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubocheńskiej	lubocheński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubocheńskie	lubocheński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubocheńskie	lubocheński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubocheńskie	lubocheński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubocheńskie	lubocheński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubocheńskiemu	lubocheński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubocheński	lubocheński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubocheński	lubocheński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubocheńskimi	lubocheński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubocheńskim	lubocheński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubocheńskim	lubocheński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubocheńskim	lubocheński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubocheńsko	lubocheński	adja		
lubocheńsku	lubocheński	adjp		
lubocheńsko	lubocheńsko	adv:pos		
lubocheńskościach	lubocheńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskościami	lubocheńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskością	lubocheńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskości	lubocheńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskościom	lubocheńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskość	lubocheńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubocheńskość	lubocheńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubo	lubo:d	adv		
lubomierscy	lubomierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubomierska	lubomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubomierską	lubomierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubomierską	lubomierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubomierskich	lubomierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubomierskich	lubomierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomierskich	lubomierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomierskiego	lubomierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubomierskiego	lubomierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomierskiej	lubomierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubomierskiej	lubomierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubomierskiej	lubomierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubomierskie	lubomierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubomierskie	lubomierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubomierskie	lubomierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubomierskie	lubomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubomierskiemu	lubomierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomierski	lubomierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubomierski	lubomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubomierskimi	lubomierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomierskim	lubomierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomierskim	lubomierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomierskim	lubomierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomiersko	lubomierski	adja		
lubomiersku	lubomierski	adjp		
lubomiersko	lubomiersko	adv:pos		
lubomierskościach	lubomierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskościami	lubomierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskością	lubomierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskości	lubomierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskościom	lubomierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskość	lubomierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomierskość	lubomierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińscy	lubomiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubomińska	lubomiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubomińską	lubomiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubomińską	lubomiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubomińskich	lubomiński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubomińskich	lubomiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomińskich	lubomiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomińskiego	lubomiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubomińskiego	lubomiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomińskiej	lubomiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubomińskiej	lubomiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubomińskiej	lubomiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubomińskie	lubomiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubomińskie	lubomiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubomińskie	lubomiński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubomińskie	lubomiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubomińskiemu	lubomiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomiński	lubomiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubomiński	lubomiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubomińskimi	lubomiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomińskim	lubomiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomińskim	lubomiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomińskim	lubomiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomińsko	lubomiński	adja		
lubomińsku	lubomiński	adjp		
lubomińsko	lubomińsko	adv:pos		
lubomińskościach	lubomińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskościami	lubomińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskością	lubomińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskości	lubomińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskościom	lubomińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskość	lubomińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomińskość	lubomińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomscy	lubomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubomska	lubomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubomską	lubomski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubomską	lubomski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubomskich	lubomski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubomskich	lubomski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomskich	lubomski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomskiego	lubomski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubomskiego	lubomski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomskiej	lubomski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubomskiej	lubomski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubomskiej	lubomski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubomskie	lubomski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubomskie	lubomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubomskie	lubomski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubomskie	lubomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubomskiemu	lubomski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomski	lubomski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubomski	lubomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubomskimi	lubomski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomskim	lubomski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubomskim	lubomski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomskim	lubomski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubomsko	lubomski	adja		
lubomsku	lubomski	adjp		
lubomsko	lubomsko	adv:pos		
lubomskościach	lubomskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskościami	lubomskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskością	lubomskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskości	lubomskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskościom	lubomskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskość	lubomskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubomskość	lubomskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońscy	luboński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubońska	luboński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubońską	luboński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubońską	luboński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubońskich	luboński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubońskich	luboński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubońskich	luboński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubońskiego	luboński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubońskiego	luboński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubońskiej	luboński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubońskiej	luboński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubońskiej	luboński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubońskie	luboński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubońskie	luboński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubońskie	luboński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubońskie	luboński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubońskiemu	luboński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luboński	luboński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luboński	luboński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubońskimi	luboński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubońskim	luboński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubońskim	luboński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubońskim	luboński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubońsko	luboński	adja		
lubońsku	luboński	adjp		
lubońsko	lubońsko	adv:pos		
lubońskościach	lubońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskościami	lubońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskością	lubońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskości	lubońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskościom	lubońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskość	lubońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubońskość	lubońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubościach	lubość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubościami	lubość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubością	lubość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubości	lubość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubościom	lubość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubość	lubość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubość	lubość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubotyńscy	lubotyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubotyńska	lubotyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubotyńską	lubotyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubotyńską	lubotyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubotyńskich	lubotyński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubotyńskich	lubotyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubotyńskich	lubotyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubotyńskiego	lubotyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubotyńskiego	lubotyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubotyńskiej	lubotyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubotyńskiej	lubotyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubotyńskiej	lubotyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubotyńskie	lubotyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubotyńskie	lubotyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubotyńskie	lubotyński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubotyńskie	lubotyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubotyńskiemu	lubotyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubotyński	lubotyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubotyński	lubotyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubotyńskimi	lubotyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubotyńskim	lubotyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubotyńskim	lubotyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubotyńskim	lubotyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubotyńsko	lubotyński	adja		
lubotyńsku	lubotyński	adjp		
lubotyńsko	lubotyńsko	adv:pos		
lubotyńskościach	lubotyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskościami	lubotyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskością	lubotyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskości	lubotyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskościom	lubotyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskość	lubotyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubotyńskość	lubotyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubować	lubować	inf:imperf		
lubowaliby	lubować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lubowalibyście	lubować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lubowalibyśmy	lubować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lubowali	lubować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lubowali	lubować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lubowaliście	lubować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lubowaliśmy	lubować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lubowałaby	lubować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lubowałabym	lubować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lubowałabyś	lubować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lubowała	lubować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lubowała	lubować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lubowałam	lubować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lubowałaś	lubować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lubowałby	lubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lubowałbym	lubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lubowałbyś	lubować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lubowałem	lubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lubowałeś	lubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lubował	lubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lubował	lubować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lubowałoby	lubować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lubowałobym	lubować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lubowałobyś	lubować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lubowało	lubować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lubowało	lubować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lubowałom	lubować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lubowałoś	lubować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lubowałyby	lubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lubowałybyście	lubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lubowałybyśmy	lubować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lubowały	lubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lubowały	lubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lubowałyście	lubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lubowałyśmy	lubować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lubowaniach	lubować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowania	lubować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowania	lubować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowaniami	lubować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowanie	lubować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowaniem	lubować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowaniom	lubować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowaniu	lubować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lubowano	lubować	imps:imperf		
lubowań	lubować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lubująca	lubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lubującą	lubować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lubującego	lubować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lubującego	lubować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubującej	lubować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lubujące	lubować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubujące	lubować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubującemu	lubować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubując	lubować	pcon:imperf		
lubująco	lubować	pacta		
lubujących	lubować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lubujących	lubować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubujący	lubować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lubujący	lubować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lubujący	lubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lubującymi	lubować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubującym	lubować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lubującym	lubować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lubują	lubować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lubujcie	lubować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lubujecie	lubować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lubuje	lubować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lubujemy	lubować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lubujesz	lubować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lubuję	lubować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lubuj	lubować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lubujmy	lubować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lubownicach	lubownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownica	lubownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicami	lubownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicą	lubownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownice	lubownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownice	lubownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownice	lubownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicę	lubownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownic	lubownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownico	lubownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicom	lubownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicy	lubownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicy	lubownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicy	lubownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwach	lubownictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwa	lubownictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwa	lubownictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwa	lubownictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwa	lubownictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwami	lubownictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwem	lubownictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwie	lubownictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictw	lubownictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwo	lubownictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwo	lubownictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwo	lubownictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwom	lubownictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownictwu	lubownictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczce	lubowniczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczce	lubowniczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczek	lubowniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczkach	lubowniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczka	lubowniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczkami	lubowniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczką	lubowniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczkę	lubowniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczki	lubowniczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczki	lubowniczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczki	lubowniczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczki	lubowniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczko	lubowniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniczkom	lubowniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicy	lubownik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownicy	lubownik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownikach	lubownik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownika	lubownik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownika	lubownik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownikami	lubownik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownikiem	lubownik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniki	lubownik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniki	lubownik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownik	lubownik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownikom	lubownik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubownikowi	lubownik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowników	lubownik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowników	lubownik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniku	lubownik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubowniku	lubownik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lubryce	lubryka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryce	lubryka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubrykach	lubryka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryka	lubryka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubrykami	lubryka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryką	lubryka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubrykę	lubryka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryki	lubryka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryki	lubryka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryki	lubryka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryki	lubryka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryk	lubryka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubryko	lubryka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubrykom	lubryka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
lubrykancie	lubrykant	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykancie	lubrykant	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykantach	lubrykant	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykantami	lubrykant	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykantem	lubrykant	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykant	lubrykant	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykant	lubrykant	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykantom	lubrykant	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykantowi	lubrykant	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykantów	lubrykant	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykantu	lubrykant	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykanty	lubrykant	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykanty	lubrykant	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrykanty	lubrykant	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańscy	lubrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubrzańska	lubrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubrzańską	lubrzański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubrzańską	lubrzański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubrzańskich	lubrzański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubrzańskich	lubrzański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubrzańskich	lubrzański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubrzańskiego	lubrzański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubrzańskiego	lubrzański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubrzańskiej	lubrzański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubrzańskiej	lubrzański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubrzańskiej	lubrzański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubrzańskie	lubrzański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubrzańskie	lubrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubrzańskie	lubrzański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubrzańskie	lubrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubrzańskiemu	lubrzański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubrzański	lubrzański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubrzański	lubrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubrzańskimi	lubrzański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubrzańskim	lubrzański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubrzańskim	lubrzański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubrzańskim	lubrzański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubrzańsko	lubrzański	adja		
lubrzańsku	lubrzański	adjp		
lubrzańsko	lubrzańsko	adv:pos		
lubrzańskościach	lubrzańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskościami	lubrzańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskością	lubrzańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskości	lubrzańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskościom	lubrzańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskość	lubrzańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubrzańskość	lubrzańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubscy	lubski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubska	lubski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubską	lubski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubską	lubski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubskich	lubski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubskich	lubski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubskich	lubski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubskiego	lubski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubskiego	lubski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubskiej	lubski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubskiej	lubski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubskiej	lubski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubskie	lubski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubskie	lubski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubskie	lubski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubskie	lubski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubskiemu	lubski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubski	lubski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubski	lubski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubskimi	lubski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubskim	lubski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubskim	lubski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubskim	lubski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubsko	lubski	adja		
lubsku	lubski	adjp		
lubsko	lubsko	adv:pos		
lubskościach	lubskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskościami	lubskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskością	lubskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskości	lubskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskościom	lubskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskość	lubskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubskość	lubskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańscy	lubszański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubszańska	lubszański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubszańską	lubszański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubszańską	lubszański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubszańskich	lubszański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubszańskich	lubszański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubszańskich	lubszański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubszańskiego	lubszański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubszańskiego	lubszański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubszańskiej	lubszański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubszańskiej	lubszański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubszańskiej	lubszański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubszańskie	lubszański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubszańskie	lubszański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubszańskie	lubszański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubszańskie	lubszański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubszańskiemu	lubszański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubszański	lubszański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubszański	lubszański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubszańskimi	lubszański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubszańskim	lubszański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubszańskim	lubszański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubszańskim	lubszański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubszańsko	lubszański	adja		
lubszańsku	lubszański	adjp		
lubszańsko	lubszańsko	adv:pos		
lubszańskościach	lubszańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskościami	lubszańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskością	lubszańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskości	lubszańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskościom	lubszańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskość	lubszańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubszańskość	lubszańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubusiach	lubusia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusia	lubusia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusiami	lubusia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusią	lubusia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusie	lubusia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusie	lubusia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusie	lubusia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusię	lubusia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusi	lubusia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|przest.|rzad.
lubusi	lubusia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusi	lubusia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusi	lubusia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusio	lubusia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusiom	lubusia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubusiu	lubusia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lubuś	lubusia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|przest.
lubuscy	lubuski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubuska	lubuski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubuską	lubuski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubuską	lubuski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubuskich	lubuski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubuskich	lubuski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubuskich	lubuski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubuskiego	lubuski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubuskiego	lubuski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubuskiej	lubuski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubuskiej	lubuski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubuskiej	lubuski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubuskie	lubuski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubuskie	lubuski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubuskie	lubuski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubuskie	lubuski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubuskiemu	lubuski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubuski	lubuski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubuski	lubuski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubuskimi	lubuski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubuskim	lubuski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubuskim	lubuski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubuskim	lubuski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubusko	lubuski	adja		
lubusku	lubuski	adjp		
lubusko	lubusko	adv:pos		
lubuskościach	lubuskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskościami	lubuskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskością	lubuskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskości	lubuskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskościom	lubuskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskość	lubuskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubuskość	lubuskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luba	luby:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubą	luby:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubą	luby:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubego	luby:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubego	luby:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubej	luby:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubej	luby:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubej	luby:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lube	luby:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lube	luby:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lube	luby:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lube	luby:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubemu	luby:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubi	luby:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubo	luby:a	adja		
lubych	luby:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubych	luby:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubych	luby:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luby	luby:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luby	luby:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubymi	luby:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubym	luby:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubym	luby:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubym	luby:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubyczańscy	lubyczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lubyczańska	lubyczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lubyczańską	lubyczański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lubyczańską	lubyczański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lubyczańskich	lubyczański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lubyczańskich	lubyczański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubyczańskich	lubyczański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubyczańskiego	lubyczański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lubyczańskiego	lubyczański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubyczańskiej	lubyczański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lubyczańskiej	lubyczański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lubyczańskiej	lubyczański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lubyczańskie	lubyczański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubyczańskie	lubyczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lubyczańskie	lubyczański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lubyczańskie	lubyczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lubyczańskiemu	lubyczański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubyczański	lubyczański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lubyczański	lubyczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lubyczańskimi	lubyczański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubyczańskim	lubyczański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lubyczańskim	lubyczański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubyczańskim	lubyczański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lubyczańsko	lubyczański	adja		
lubyczańsku	lubyczański	adjp		
lubyczańsko	lubyczańsko	adv:pos		
lubyczańskościach	lubyczańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskościami	lubyczańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskością	lubyczańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskości	lubyczańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskościom	lubyczańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskość	lubyczańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubyczańskość	lubyczańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubego	luby:s	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubego	luby:s	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lube	luby:s	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lube	luby:s	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lubemu	luby:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubi	luby:s	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubi	luby:s	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubych	luby:s	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubych	luby:s	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubych	luby:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luby	luby:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luby	luby:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubymi	luby:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubym	luby:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubym	luby:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubym	luby:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lubystek	lubystek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystek	lubystek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkach	lubystek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystka	lubystek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkami	lubystek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkiem	lubystek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystki	lubystek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystki	lubystek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystki	lubystek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkom	lubystek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkowi	lubystek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystków	lubystek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystku	lubystek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystku	lubystek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lubystce	lubystka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystce	lubystka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystek	lubystka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkach	lubystka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystka	lubystka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkami	lubystka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystką	lubystka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkę	lubystka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystki	lubystka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystki	lubystka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystki	lubystka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystki	lubystka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystko	lubystka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lubystkom	lubystka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernach	lucerna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerna	lucerna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernami	lucerna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerną	lucerna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernę	lucerna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernie	lucerna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernie	lucerna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucern	lucerna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerno	lucerna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernom	lucerna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerny	lucerna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerny	lucerna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerny	lucerna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerny	lucerna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianościach	lucernianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianościami	lucernianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianością	lucernianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianości	lucernianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianościom	lucernianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianość	lucernianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucernianość	lucernianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniana	lucerniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lucernianą	lucerniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lucernianą	lucerniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lucernianego	lucerniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lucernianego	lucerniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucernianej	lucerniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lucernianej	lucerniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lucernianej	lucerniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lucerniane	lucerniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lucerniane	lucerniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lucerniane	lucerniany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lucerniane	lucerniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lucernianemu	lucerniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucerniani	lucerniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lucerniano	lucerniany	adja		
lucernianych	lucerniany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lucernianych	lucerniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucernianych	lucerniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucerniany	lucerniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lucerniany	lucerniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lucernianymi	lucerniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucernianym	lucerniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucernianym	lucerniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucernianym	lucerniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucernikach	lucernik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucernika	lucernik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucernikami	lucernik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucernikiem	lucernik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniki	lucernik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniki	lucernik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniki	lucernik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucernik	lucernik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucernik	lucernik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucernikom	lucernik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucernikowi	lucernik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucerników	lucernik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniku	lucernik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniku	lucernik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniskach	lucernisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniska	lucernisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniska	lucernisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniska	lucernisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniska	lucernisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniskami	lucernisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniskiem	lucernisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucernisk	lucernisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucernisko	lucernisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucernisko	lucernisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucernisko	lucernisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucerniskom	lucernisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucernisku	lucernisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucernisku	lucernisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferach	lucyfer	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferach	lucyfer	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfera	lucyfer	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfera	lucyfer	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfera	lucyfer	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfera	lucyfer	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferami	lucyfer	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferami	lucyfer	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferem	lucyfer	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferem	lucyfer	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfer	lucyfer	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfer	lucyfer	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferom	lucyfer	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferom	lucyfer	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferowie	lucyfer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferowie	lucyfer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferowi	lucyfer	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferowi	lucyfer	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferów	lucyfer	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferów	lucyfer	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferów	lucyfer	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfery	lucyfer	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfery	lucyfer	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfery	lucyfer	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfery	lucyfer	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyfery	lucyfer	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferze	lucyfer	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferze	lucyfer	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferze	lucyfer	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferze	lucyfer	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferzy	lucyfer	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferzy	lucyfer	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazach	lucyferaza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferaza	lucyferaza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazami	lucyferaza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazą	lucyferaza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazę	lucyferaza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazie	lucyferaza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazie	lucyferaza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferaz	lucyferaza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazo	lucyferaza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazom	lucyferaza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazy	lucyferaza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazy	lucyferaza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazy	lucyferaza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferazy	lucyferaza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferek	lucyferek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferkach	lucyferek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferka	lucyferek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferka	lucyferek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferkami	lucyferek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferkiem	lucyferek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferki	lucyferek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferki	lucyferek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferki	lucyferek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferkom	lucyferek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferkowi	lucyferek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferków	lucyferek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferku	lucyferek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferku	lucyferek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferycznie	lucyferycznie	adv:pos		
lucyferycznościach	lucyferyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferycznościami	lucyferyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferycznością	lucyferyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczności	lucyferyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferycznościom	lucyferyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczność	lucyferyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczność	lucyferyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyczna	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lucyferyczną	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lucyferyczną	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lucyferycznego	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lucyferycznego	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucyferycznej	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lucyferycznej	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lucyferycznej	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lucyferyczne	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lucyferyczne	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lucyferyczne	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lucyferyczne	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lucyferycznemu	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucyferyczni	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lucyferyczno	lucyferyczny	adja		
lucyferycznych	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lucyferycznych	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucyferycznych	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucyferyczny	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lucyferyczny	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lucyferycznymi	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucyferycznym	lucyferyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lucyferycznym	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucyferycznym	lucyferyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lucyferynach	lucyferyna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyna	lucyferyna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferynami	lucyferyna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyną	lucyferyna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferynę	lucyferyna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferynie	lucyferyna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferynie	lucyferyna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyn	lucyferyna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyno	lucyferyna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferynom	lucyferyna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyny	lucyferyna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyny	lucyferyna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyny	lucyferyna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyferyny	lucyferyna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperach	lucyper	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperach	lucyper	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucypera	lucyper	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucypera	lucyper	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucypera	lucyper	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucypera	lucyper	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperami	lucyper	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperami	lucyper	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperem	lucyper	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperem	lucyper	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyper	lucyper	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyper	lucyper	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperom	lucyper	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperom	lucyper	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperowie	lucyper	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperowie	lucyper	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperowi	lucyper	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperowi	lucyper	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperów	lucyper	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperów	lucyper	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperów	lucyper	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucypery	lucyper	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucypery	lucyper	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucypery	lucyper	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucypery	lucyper	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucypery	lucyper	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperze	lucyper	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperze	lucyper	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperze	lucyper	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperze	lucyper	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperzy	lucyper	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperzy	lucyper	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperek	lucyperek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperkach	lucyperek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperka	lucyperek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperka	lucyperek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperkami	lucyperek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperkiem	lucyperek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperki	lucyperek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperki	lucyperek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperki	lucyperek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperkom	lucyperek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperkowi	lucyperek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperków	lucyperek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperku	lucyperek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lucyperku	lucyperek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luddystach	luddysta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddysta	luddysta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddystami	luddysta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddystą	luddysta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddystę	luddysta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddysto	luddysta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddystom	luddysta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddystów	luddysta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddystów	luddysta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddysty	luddysta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luddysty	luddysta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luddysty	luddysta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddyście	luddysta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddyście	luddysta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddyści	luddysta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddyści	luddysta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmach	luddyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmami	luddyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmem	luddyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmie	luddyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmie	luddyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzm	luddyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzm	luddyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmom	luddyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmowi	luddyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmów	luddyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmu	luddyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmy	luddyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmy	luddyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luddyzmy	luddyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludek	ludek:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludek	ludek:s1	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludkach	ludek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludkach	ludek:s1	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludka	ludek:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludka	ludek:s1	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludka	ludek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludka	ludek:s1	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludkami	ludek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludkami	ludek:s1	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludkiem	ludek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludkiem	ludek:s1	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s1	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s1	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s1	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludkom	ludek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludkom	ludek:s1	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludkowie	ludek:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludkowie	ludek:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludkowi	ludek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludkowi	ludek:s1	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludków	ludek:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludków	ludek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludków	ludek:s1	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludku	ludek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludku	ludek:s1	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludku	ludek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludku	ludek:s1	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludek	ludek:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludek	ludek:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludkach	ludek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludkami	ludek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludkiem	ludek:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludki	ludek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludkom	ludek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludkowi	ludek:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludków	ludek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludku	ludek:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludku	ludek:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludku	ludek:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludiach	ludium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludia	ludium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludia	ludium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludia	ludium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludiami	ludium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludiom	ludium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludiów	ludium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludium	ludium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludium	ludium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludium	ludium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludium	ludium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludium	ludium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludium	ludium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludium	ludium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludniej	ludnie	adv:com		
ludnie	ludnie	adv:pos		
ludniej	ludno	adv:com		
ludno	ludno	adv:pos		
ludnościowo	ludnościowo	adv:pos		
ludnościowościach	ludnościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowościami	ludnościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowością	ludnościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowości	ludnościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowościom	ludnościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowość	ludnościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowość	ludnościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościowa	ludnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludnościową	ludnościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludnościową	ludnościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludnościowego	ludnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludnościowego	ludnościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludnościowej	ludnościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludnościowej	ludnościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludnościowej	ludnościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludnościowe	ludnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludnościowe	ludnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludnościowe	ludnościowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludnościowe	ludnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludnościowemu	ludnościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludnościowi	ludnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludnościowo	ludnościowy	adja		
ludnościowych	ludnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludnościowych	ludnościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludnościowych	ludnościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludnościowy	ludnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludnościowy	ludnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludnościowymi	ludnościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludnościowym	ludnościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludnościowym	ludnościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludnościowym	ludnościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludnościach	ludność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościami	ludność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnością	ludność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludności	ludność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludnościom	ludność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludność	ludność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludność	ludność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludna	ludny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludną	ludny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludną	ludny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludnego	ludny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludnego	ludny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludnej	ludny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludnej	ludny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludnej	ludny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludne	ludny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludne	ludny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludne	ludny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludne	ludny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludnemu	ludny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludniejsi	ludny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
ludniejsza	ludny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
ludniejszą	ludny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
ludniejszą	ludny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
ludniejszego	ludny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
ludniejszego	ludny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ludniejszej	ludny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
ludniejszej	ludny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
ludniejszej	ludny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
ludniejsze	ludny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ludniejsze	ludny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
ludniejsze	ludny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
ludniejsze	ludny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
ludniejszemu	ludny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ludniejszych	ludny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
ludniejszych	ludny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ludniejszych	ludny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ludniejszy	ludny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
ludniejszy	ludny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
ludniejszymi	ludny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ludniejszym	ludny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
ludniejszym	ludny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ludniejszym	ludny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
ludni	ludny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludno	ludny	adja		
ludnych	ludny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludnych	ludny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludnych	ludny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludny	ludny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludny	ludny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludnymi	ludny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludnym	ludny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludnym	ludny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludnym	ludny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludobójcach	ludobójca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójca	ludobójca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcami	ludobójca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcą	ludobójca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójce	ludobójca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójce	ludobójca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcę	ludobójca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójco	ludobójca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcom	ludobójca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójców	ludobójca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójców	ludobójca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcy	ludobójca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcy	ludobójca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcy	ludobójca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcy	ludobójca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcy	ludobójca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczo	ludobójczo	adv:pos		
ludobójczościach	ludobójczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczościami	ludobójczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczością	ludobójczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczości	ludobójczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczościom	ludobójczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczość	ludobójczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójczość	ludobójczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójcza	ludobójczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludobójczą	ludobójczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludobójczą	ludobójczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludobójczego	ludobójczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludobójczego	ludobójczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludobójczej	ludobójczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludobójczej	ludobójczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludobójczej	ludobójczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludobójcze	ludobójczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludobójcze	ludobójczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludobójcze	ludobójczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludobójcze	ludobójczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludobójczemu	ludobójczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludobójczo	ludobójczy	adja		
ludobójczych	ludobójczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludobójczych	ludobójczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludobójczych	ludobójczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludobójczy	ludobójczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludobójczy	ludobójczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludobójczy	ludobójczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludobójczymi	ludobójczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludobójczym	ludobójczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludobójczym	ludobójczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludobójczym	ludobójczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludobójstwach	ludobójstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwa	ludobójstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwa	ludobójstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwa	ludobójstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwa	ludobójstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwami	ludobójstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwem	ludobójstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwie	ludobójstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstw	ludobójstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwo	ludobójstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwo	ludobójstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwo	ludobójstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwom	ludobójstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludobójstwu	ludobójstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadach	ludojad	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojada	ludojad	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojada	ludojad	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadami	ludojad	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadem	ludojad	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojad	ludojad	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadom	ludojad	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadowi	ludojad	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadów	ludojad	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojady	ludojad	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojady	ludojad	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojady	ludojad	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadzie	ludojad	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludojadzie	ludojad	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludokupcach	ludokupiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupca	ludokupiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupca	ludokupiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcami	ludokupiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupce	ludokupiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupce	ludokupiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcem	ludokupiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcom	ludokupiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcowi	ludokupiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupców	ludokupiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupców	ludokupiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcu	ludokupiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcu	ludokupiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcy	ludokupiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcy	ludokupiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupcze	ludokupiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupiec	ludokupiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwach	ludokupstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwa	ludokupstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwa	ludokupstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwa	ludokupstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwa	ludokupstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwami	ludokupstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwem	ludokupstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwie	ludokupstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstw	ludokupstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwo	ludokupstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwo	ludokupstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwo	ludokupstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwom	ludokupstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludokupstwu	ludokupstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludolfinach	ludolfina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfina	ludolfina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfinami	ludolfina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfiną	ludolfina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfinę	ludolfina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfinie	ludolfina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfinie	ludolfina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfin	ludolfina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfino	ludolfina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfinom	ludolfina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfiny	ludolfina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfiny	ludolfina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfiny	ludolfina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludolfiny	ludolfina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanach	ludoman	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomana	ludoman	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomana	ludoman	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanami	ludoman	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanem	ludoman	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanie	ludoman	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanie	ludoman	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomani	ludoman	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomani	ludoman	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoman	ludoman	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanom	ludoman	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanowi	ludoman	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanów	ludoman	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanów	ludoman	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludomany	ludoman	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomany	ludoman	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaniach	ludomania	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomania	ludomania	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaniami	ludomania	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanią	ludomania	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanie	ludomania	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanie	ludomania	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanie	ludomania	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanię	ludomania	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanii	ludomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
ludomanii	ludomania	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanii	ludomania	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanii	ludomania	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomanij	ludomania	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
ludomanio	ludomania	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaniom	ludomania	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańscy	ludomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludomańska	ludomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludomańską	ludomański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludomańską	ludomański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludomańskich	ludomański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludomańskich	ludomański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludomańskich	ludomański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludomańskiego	ludomański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludomańskiego	ludomański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludomańskiej	ludomański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludomańskiej	ludomański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludomańskiej	ludomański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludomańskie	ludomański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludomańskie	ludomański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludomańskie	ludomański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludomańskie	ludomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludomańskiemu	ludomański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludomański	ludomański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludomański	ludomański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludomańskimi	ludomański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludomańskim	ludomański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludomańskim	ludomański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludomańskim	ludomański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludomańsko	ludomański	adja		
ludomańsku	ludomański	adjp		
ludomańsko	ludomańsko	adv:pos		
ludomańskościach	ludomańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskościami	ludomańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskością	ludomańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskości	ludomańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskościom	ludomańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskość	ludomańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomańskość	ludomańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwach	ludomaństwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwa	ludomaństwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwa	ludomaństwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwa	ludomaństwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwa	ludomaństwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwami	ludomaństwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwem	ludomaństwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwie	ludomaństwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństw	ludomaństwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwo	ludomaństwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwo	ludomaństwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwo	ludomaństwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwom	ludomaństwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomaństwu	ludomaństwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorach	ludomór	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorami	ludomór	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorem	ludomór	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorom	ludomór	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorowi	ludomór	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorów	ludomór	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomoru	ludomór	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomory	ludomór	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomory	ludomór	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomory	ludomór	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorze	ludomór	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomorze	ludomór	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomór	ludomór	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludomór	ludomór	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludorządztwach	ludorządztwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwa	ludorządztwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwa	ludorządztwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwa	ludorządztwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwa	ludorządztwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwami	ludorządztwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwem	ludorządztwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwie	ludorządztwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztw	ludorządztwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwo	ludorządztwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwo	ludorządztwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwo	ludorządztwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwom	ludorządztwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludorządztwu	ludorządztwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludowcowościach	ludowcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowościami	ludowcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowością	ludowcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowości	ludowcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowościom	ludowcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowość	ludowcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowość	ludowcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowa	ludowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludowcową	ludowcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludowcową	ludowcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludowcowego	ludowcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludowcowego	ludowcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowcowej	ludowcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludowcowej	ludowcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludowcowej	ludowcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludowcowe	ludowcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowcowe	ludowcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowcowe	ludowcowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowcowe	ludowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowcowemu	ludowcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowcowi	ludowcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowcowo	ludowcowy	adja		
ludowcowych	ludowcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowcowych	ludowcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowcowych	ludowcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowcowy	ludowcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludowcowy	ludowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludowcowymi	ludowcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowcowym	ludowcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowcowym	ludowcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowcowym	ludowcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowcach	ludowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowca	ludowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowca	ludowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcami	ludowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowce	ludowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowce	ludowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcem	ludowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcom	ludowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcowi	ludowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowców	ludowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowców	ludowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcu	ludowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcu	ludowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcy	ludowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcy	ludowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowcze	ludowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowiec	ludowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowinach	ludowina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowina	ludowina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowinami	ludowina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowiną	ludowina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowinę	ludowina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowinie	ludowina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowinie	ludowina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowin	ludowina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowino	ludowina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowinom	ludowina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowiny	ludowina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowiny	ludowina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowiny	ludowina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowiny	ludowina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
ludowiskach	ludowisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiska	ludowisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiska	ludowisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiska	ludowisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiska	ludowisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiskami	ludowisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiskiem	ludowisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowisk	ludowisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowisko	ludowisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowisko	ludowisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowisko	ludowisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiskom	ludowisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowisku	ludowisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowisku	ludowisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	indyw.
ludowiznach	ludowizna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizna	ludowizna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowiznami	ludowizna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizną	ludowizna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowiznę	ludowizna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizn	ludowizna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizno	ludowizna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowiznom	ludowizna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizny	ludowizna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizny	ludowizna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizny	ludowizna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowizny	ludowizna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowiźnie	ludowizna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowiźnie	ludowizna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcach	ludowładca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładca	ludowładca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcami	ludowładca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcą	ludowładca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładce	ludowładca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładce	ludowładca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcę	ludowładca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładco	ludowładca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcom	ludowładca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładców	ludowładca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładców	ludowładca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcy	ludowładca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcy	ludowładca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcy	ludowładca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcy	ludowładca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcy	ludowładca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczo	ludowładczo	adv:pos		rzad.
ludowładczościach	ludowładczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczościami	ludowładczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczością	ludowładczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczości	ludowładczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczościom	ludowładczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczość	ludowładczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładczość	ludowładczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładcza	ludowładczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludowładczą	ludowładczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludowładczą	ludowładczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludowładczego	ludowładczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludowładczego	ludowładczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładczej	ludowładczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludowładczej	ludowładczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludowładczej	ludowładczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludowładcze	ludowładczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładcze	ludowładczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładcze	ludowładczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowładcze	ludowładczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowładczemu	ludowładczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładczo	ludowładczy	adja		
ludowładczych	ludowładczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowładczych	ludowładczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładczych	ludowładczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładczy	ludowładczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowładczy	ludowładczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludowładczy	ludowładczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludowładczymi	ludowładczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładczym	ludowładczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładczym	ludowładczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładczym	ludowładczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładnościach	ludowładność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładnościami	ludowładność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładnością	ludowładność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładności	ludowładność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładnościom	ludowładność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładność	ludowładność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładność	ludowładność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładna	ludowładny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludowładną	ludowładny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludowładną	ludowładny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludowładnego	ludowładny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludowładnego	ludowładny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładnej	ludowładny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludowładnej	ludowładny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludowładnej	ludowładny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludowładne	ludowładny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładne	ludowładny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładne	ludowładny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowładne	ludowładny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowładnemu	ludowładny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładni	ludowładny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowładno	ludowładny	adja		
ludowładnych	ludowładny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowładnych	ludowładny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładnych	ludowładny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładny	ludowładny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludowładny	ludowładny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludowładnymi	ludowładny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładnym	ludowładny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowładnym	ludowładny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładnym	ludowładny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowładztwach	ludowładztwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwa	ludowładztwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwa	ludowładztwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwa	ludowładztwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwa	ludowładztwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwami	ludowładztwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwem	ludowładztwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwie	ludowładztwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztw	ludowładztwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwo	ludowładztwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwo	ludowładztwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwo	ludowładztwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwom	ludowładztwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowładztwu	ludowładztwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowo	ludowo	adv:pos		
ludowodemokratycznościach	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratycznościami	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratycznością	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczności	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratycznościom	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczność	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczność	ludowodemokratyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowodemokratyczna	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludowodemokratyczną	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludowodemokratyczną	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludowodemokratycznego	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludowodemokratycznego	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowodemokratycznej	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludowodemokratycznej	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludowodemokratycznej	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludowodemokratyczne	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowodemokratyczne	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowodemokratyczne	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowodemokratyczne	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowodemokratycznemu	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowodemokratyczni	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowodemokratyczno	ludowodemokratyczny	adja		
ludowodemokratycznych	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowodemokratycznych	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowodemokratycznych	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowodemokratyczny	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludowodemokratyczny	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludowodemokratycznymi	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowodemokratycznym	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowodemokratycznym	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowodemokratycznym	ludowodemokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowościach	ludowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowościami	ludowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowością	ludowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowości	ludowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowościom	ludowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowość	ludowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowość	ludowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczościach	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczościami	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczością	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczości	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczościom	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczość	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńczość	ludowowyzwoleńczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludowowyzwoleńcza	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczą	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczą	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczego	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczego	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczej	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczej	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczej	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńcze	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńcze	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńcze	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńcze	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczemu	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczo	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adja		
ludowowyzwoleńczych	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczych	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczych	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczy	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczy	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczy	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczymi	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczym	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczym	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowowyzwoleńczym	ludowowyzwoleńczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowa	ludowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludową	ludowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludową	ludowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludowego	ludowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludowego	ludowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowej	ludowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludowej	ludowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludowej	ludowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludowe	ludowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowe	ludowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludowe	ludowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowe	ludowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludowemu	ludowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowi	ludowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowo	ludowy	adja		
ludowych	ludowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludowych	ludowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowych	ludowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowy	ludowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludowy	ludowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludowymi	ludowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowym	ludowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludowym	ludowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludowym	ludowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludoznawcach	ludoznawca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawca	ludoznawca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcami	ludoznawca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcą	ludoznawca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawce	ludoznawca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawce	ludoznawca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcę	ludoznawca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawco	ludoznawca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcom	ludoznawca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawców	ludoznawca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawców	ludoznawca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcy	ludoznawca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcy	ludoznawca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcy	ludoznawca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcy	ludoznawca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcy	ludoznawca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczościach	ludoznawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczościami	ludoznawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczością	ludoznawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczości	ludoznawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczościom	ludoznawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczość	ludoznawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawczość	ludoznawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawcza	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludoznawczą	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludoznawczą	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludoznawczego	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludoznawczego	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludoznawczej	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludoznawczej	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludoznawczej	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludoznawcze	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludoznawcze	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludoznawcze	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludoznawcze	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludoznawczemu	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludoznawczo	ludoznawczy	adja		
ludoznawczych	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludoznawczych	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludoznawczych	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludoznawczy	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludoznawczy	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludoznawczy	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludoznawczymi	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludoznawczym	ludoznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludoznawczym	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludoznawczym	ludoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludoznawstwach	ludoznawstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwa	ludoznawstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwa	ludoznawstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwa	ludoznawstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwa	ludoznawstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwami	ludoznawstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwem	ludoznawstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwie	ludoznawstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstw	ludoznawstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwo	ludoznawstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwo	ludoznawstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwo	ludoznawstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwom	ludoznawstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludoznawstwu	ludoznawstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercach	ludożerca	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerca	ludożerca	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercami	ludożerca	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercą	ludożerca	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerce	ludożerca	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerce	ludożerca	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercę	ludożerca	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerco	ludożerca	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercom	ludożerca	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerców	ludożerca	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerców	ludożerca	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercy	ludożerca	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercy	ludożerca	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercy	ludożerca	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercy	ludożerca	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercy	ludożerca	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczo	ludożerczo	adv:pos		rzad.
ludożerczościach	ludożerczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczościami	ludożerczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczością	ludożerczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczości	ludożerczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczościom	ludożerczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczość	ludożerczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerczość	ludożerczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludożercza	ludożerczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludożerczą	ludożerczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludożerczą	ludożerczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludożerczego	ludożerczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludożerczego	ludożerczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludożerczej	ludożerczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludożerczej	ludożerczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludożerczej	ludożerczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludożercze	ludożerczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludożercze	ludożerczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludożercze	ludożerczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludożercze	ludożerczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludożerczemu	ludożerczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludożerczo	ludożerczy	adja		
ludożerczych	ludożerczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludożerczych	ludożerczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludożerczych	ludożerczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludożerczy	ludożerczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludożerczy	ludożerczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludożerczy	ludożerczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludożerczymi	ludożerczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludożerczym	ludożerczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludożerczym	ludożerczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludożerczym	ludożerczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludożerstwach	ludożerstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwa	ludożerstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwa	ludożerstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwa	ludożerstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwa	ludożerstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwami	ludożerstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwem	ludożerstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwie	ludożerstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstw	ludożerstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwo	ludożerstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwo	ludożerstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwo	ludożerstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwom	ludożerstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludożerstwu	ludożerstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
ludach	lud:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludami	lud:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludem	lud:s1	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lud	lud:s1	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lud	lud:s1	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludom	lud:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludowi	lud:s1	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludów	lud:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludu	lud:s1	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludu	lud:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludy	lud:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludy	lud:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludy	lud:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	lud:s1	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	lud:s1	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludach	lud:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luda	lud:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luda	lud:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludami	lud:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludem	lud:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lud	lud:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludom	lud:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludowi	lud:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludów	lud:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludy	lud:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludy	lud:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludy	lud:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	lud:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	lud:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikach	ludwik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwika	ludwik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwika	ludwik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikami	ludwik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikiem	ludwik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwiki	ludwik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwiki	ludwik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwiki	ludwik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwik	ludwik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikom	ludwik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowi	ludwik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwików	ludwik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwiku	ludwik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwiku	ludwik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowscy	ludwikowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludwikowska	ludwikowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludwikowską	ludwikowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludwikowską	ludwikowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludwikowskich	ludwikowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludwikowskich	ludwikowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwikowskich	ludwikowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwikowskiego	ludwikowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludwikowskiego	ludwikowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwikowskiej	ludwikowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludwikowskiej	ludwikowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludwikowskiej	ludwikowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludwikowskie	ludwikowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludwikowskie	ludwikowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludwikowskie	ludwikowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludwikowskie	ludwikowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludwikowskiemu	ludwikowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwikowski	ludwikowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludwikowski	ludwikowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludwikowskimi	ludwikowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwikowskim	ludwikowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwikowskim	ludwikowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwikowskim	ludwikowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwikowsko	ludwikowski	adja		
ludwikowsku	ludwikowski	adjp		
ludwikowsko	ludwikowsko	adv:pos		
ludwikowskościach	ludwikowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskościami	ludwikowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskością	ludwikowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskości	ludwikowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskościom	ludwikowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskość	ludwikowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwikowskość	ludwikowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińscy	ludwiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludwińska	ludwiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludwińską	ludwiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludwińską	ludwiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludwińskich	ludwiński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludwińskich	ludwiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwińskich	ludwiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwińskiego	ludwiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludwińskiego	ludwiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwińskiej	ludwiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludwińskiej	ludwiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludwińskiej	ludwiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludwińskie	ludwiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludwińskie	ludwiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludwińskie	ludwiński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludwińskie	ludwiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludwińskiemu	ludwiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwiński	ludwiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludwiński	ludwiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludwińskimi	ludwiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwińskim	ludwiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludwińskim	ludwiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwińskim	ludwiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludwińsko	ludwiński	adja		
ludwińsku	ludwiński	adjp		
ludwińsko	ludwińsko	adv:pos		
ludwińskościach	ludwińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskościami	ludwińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskością	ludwińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskości	ludwińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskościom	ludwińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskość	ludwińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwińskość	ludwińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludwisarniach	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarnia	ludwisarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarniami	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarnią	ludwisarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarnie	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarnie	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarnie	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarnię	ludwisarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarni	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
ludwisarni	ludwisarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarni	ludwisarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarni	ludwisarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarnio	ludwisarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarniom	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarń	ludwisarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|daw.
ludwisarscy	ludwisarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ludwisarska	ludwisarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
ludwisarską	ludwisarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
ludwisarską	ludwisarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
ludwisarskich	ludwisarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
ludwisarskich	ludwisarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ludwisarskich	ludwisarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ludwisarskiego	ludwisarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
ludwisarskiego	ludwisarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ludwisarskiej	ludwisarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
ludwisarskiej	ludwisarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
ludwisarskiej	ludwisarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
ludwisarskie	ludwisarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ludwisarskie	ludwisarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ludwisarskie	ludwisarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ludwisarskie	ludwisarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
ludwisarskiemu	ludwisarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ludwisarski	ludwisarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
ludwisarski	ludwisarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
ludwisarskimi	ludwisarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ludwisarskim	ludwisarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
ludwisarskim	ludwisarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ludwisarskim	ludwisarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
ludwisarsko	ludwisarski	adja		daw.
ludwisarsku	ludwisarski	adjp		daw.
ludwisarsko	ludwisarsko	adv:pos		
ludwisarskościach	ludwisarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskościami	ludwisarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskością	ludwisarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskości	ludwisarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskościom	ludwisarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskość	ludwisarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarskość	ludwisarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwach	ludwisarstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwa	ludwisarstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwa	ludwisarstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwa	ludwisarstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwa	ludwisarstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwami	ludwisarstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwem	ludwisarstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwie	ludwisarstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstw	ludwisarstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwo	ludwisarstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwo	ludwisarstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwo	ludwisarstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwom	ludwisarstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarstwu	ludwisarstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzach	ludwisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzach	ludwisarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarza	ludwisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarza	ludwisarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarza	ludwisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarza	ludwisarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzami	ludwisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzami	ludwisarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarze	ludwisarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzem	ludwisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzem	ludwisarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarz	ludwisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarz	ludwisarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzom	ludwisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzom	ludwisarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzowi	ludwisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzowi	ludwisarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzów	ludwisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzów	ludwisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzu	ludwisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzu	ludwisarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzu	ludwisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzu	ludwisarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.|rzad.
ludwisarzy	ludwisarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludwisarzy	ludwisarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludycznie	ludycznie	adv:pos		
ludycznościach	ludyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludycznościami	ludyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludycznością	ludyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczności	ludyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludycznościom	ludyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczność	ludyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczność	ludyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludyczna	ludyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludyczną	ludyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludyczną	ludyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludycznego	ludyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludycznego	ludyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludycznej	ludyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludycznej	ludyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludycznej	ludyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludyczne	ludyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludyczne	ludyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludyczne	ludyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludyczne	ludyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludycznemu	ludyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludyczni	ludyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludyczno	ludyczny	adja		
ludycznych	ludyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludycznych	ludyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludycznych	ludyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludyczny	ludyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludyczny	ludyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludycznymi	ludyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludycznym	ludyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludycznym	ludyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludycznym	ludyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludyszczach	ludyszcza	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludyszcza	ludyszcza	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludyszcza	ludyszcza	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludyszcza	ludyszcza	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludyszczami	ludyszcza	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludyszczom	ludyszcza	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludyszczów	ludyszcza	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
ludyzmach	ludyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmami	ludyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmem	ludyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmie	ludyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmie	ludyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzm	ludyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzm	ludyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmom	ludyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmowi	ludyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmów	ludyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmu	ludyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmy	ludyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmy	ludyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludyzmy	ludyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ludziach	ludzie	subst:pl:loc:p1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	ludzie	subst:pl:nom:p1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzie	ludzie	subst:pl:voc:p1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzi	ludzie	subst:pl:acc:p1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzi	ludzie	subst:pl:gen:p1	nazwa pospolita	
ludziom	ludzie	subst:pl:dat:p1	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmi	ludzie	subst:pl:inst:p1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzicy	ludzik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzicy	ludzik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikach	ludzik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikach	ludzik	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzika	ludzik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzika	ludzik	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzika	ludzik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzika	ludzik	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikami	ludzik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikami	ludzik	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikiem	ludzik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikiem	ludzik	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziki	ludzik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziki	ludzik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziki	ludzik	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziki	ludzik	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziki	ludzik	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzik	ludzik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzik	ludzik	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikom	ludzik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikom	ludzik	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikowie	ludzik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikowie	ludzik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikowi	ludzik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzikowi	ludzik	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludzików	ludzik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzików	ludzik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludzików	ludzik	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziku	ludzik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludziku	ludzik	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziku	ludzik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
ludziku	ludzik	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
ludziskach	ludziska	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ludziska	ludziska	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ludziska	ludziska	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ludziska	ludziska	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ludziskami	ludziska	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ludziskom	ludziska	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ludzisków	ludziska	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
ludzcy	ludzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludzka	ludzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludzką	ludzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludzką	ludzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludzkich	ludzki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludzkich	ludzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludzkich	ludzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludzkiego	ludzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludzkiego	ludzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludzkiej	ludzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludzkiej	ludzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludzkiej	ludzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludzkie	ludzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludzkie	ludzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludzkie	ludzki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludzkie	ludzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludzkiemu	ludzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludzki	ludzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludzki	ludzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludzkimi	ludzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludzkim	ludzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludzkim	ludzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludzkim	ludzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludzko	ludzki	adja		
ludzku	ludzki	adjp		
ludzko	ludzko	adv:pos		przest.
ludzkościach	ludzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkościami	ludzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkością	ludzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkości	ludzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkościom	ludzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkość	ludzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludzkość	ludzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierscy	ludźmierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
ludźmierska	ludźmierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
ludźmierską	ludźmierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
ludźmierską	ludźmierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
ludźmierskich	ludźmierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
ludźmierskich	ludźmierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludźmierskich	ludźmierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludźmierskiego	ludźmierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
ludźmierskiego	ludźmierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludźmierskiej	ludźmierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
ludźmierskiej	ludźmierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
ludźmierskiej	ludźmierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
ludźmierskie	ludźmierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludźmierskie	ludźmierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
ludźmierskie	ludźmierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
ludźmierskie	ludźmierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
ludźmierskiemu	ludźmierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludźmierski	ludźmierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
ludźmierski	ludźmierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
ludźmierskimi	ludźmierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludźmierskim	ludźmierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
ludźmierskim	ludźmierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludźmierskim	ludźmierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
ludźmiersko	ludźmierski	adja		
ludźmiersku	ludźmierski	adjp		
ludźmiersko	ludźmiersko	adv:pos		
ludźmierskościach	ludźmierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskościami	ludźmierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskością	ludźmierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskości	ludźmierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskościom	ludźmierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskość	ludźmierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
ludźmierskość	ludźmierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luesach	lues	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesami	lues	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesem	lues	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesie	lues	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesie	lues	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lues	lues	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lues	lues	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesom	lues	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesowi	lues	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesów	lues	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesu	lues	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesy	lues	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesy	lues	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luesy	lues	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufach	lufa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufa	lufa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufami	lufa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufą	lufa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufę	lufa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufie	lufa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufie	lufa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luf	lufa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufo	lufa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufom	lufa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufy	lufa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufy	lufa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufy	lufa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufy	lufa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufcikach	lufcik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcika	lufcik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcikami	lufcik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcikiem	lufcik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufciki	lufcik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufciki	lufcik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufciki	lufcik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcik	lufcik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcik	lufcik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcikom	lufcik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcikowi	lufcik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufcików	lufcik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufciku	lufcik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lufciku	lufcik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luffach	luffa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffa	luffa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffami	luffa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffą	luffa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffę	luffa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffie	luffa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffie	luffa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luff	luffa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffo	luffa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffom	luffa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffy	luffa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffy	luffa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffy	luffa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luffy	luffa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufiskach	lufisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufiska	lufisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufiska	lufisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufiska	lufisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufiska	lufisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufiskami	lufisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufiskiem	lufisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufisk	lufisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufisko	lufisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufisko	lufisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufisko	lufisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufiskom	lufisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufisku	lufisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufisku	lufisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufce	lufka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufce	lufka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufek	lufka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufkach	lufka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufka	lufka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufkami	lufka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufką	lufka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufkę	lufka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufki	lufka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufki	lufka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufki	lufka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufki	lufka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufko	lufka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufkom	lufka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufniczościach	lufniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczościami	lufniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczością	lufniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczości	lufniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczościom	lufniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczość	lufniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufniczość	lufniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lufnicza	lufniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lufniczą	lufniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lufniczą	lufniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lufniczego	lufniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lufniczego	lufniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lufniczej	lufniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lufniczej	lufniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lufniczej	lufniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lufnicze	lufniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lufnicze	lufniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lufnicze	lufniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lufnicze	lufniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lufniczemu	lufniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lufniczo	lufniczy	adja		daw.
lufniczych	lufniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lufniczych	lufniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lufniczych	lufniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lufniczy	lufniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lufniczy	lufniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lufniczy	lufniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lufniczymi	lufniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lufniczym	lufniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lufniczym	lufniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lufniczym	lufniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lufowościach	lufowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowościami	lufowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowością	lufowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowości	lufowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowościom	lufowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowość	lufowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowość	lufowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lufowa	lufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lufową	lufowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lufową	lufowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lufowego	lufowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lufowego	lufowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lufowej	lufowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lufowej	lufowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lufowej	lufowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lufowe	lufowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lufowe	lufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lufowe	lufowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lufowe	lufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lufowemu	lufowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lufowi	lufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lufowo	lufowy	adja		
lufowych	lufowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lufowych	lufowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lufowych	lufowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lufowy	lufowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lufowy	lufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lufowymi	lufowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lufowym	lufowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lufowym	lufowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lufowym	lufowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lufskach	lufsko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufska	lufsko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufska	lufsko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufska	lufsko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufska	lufsko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufskami	lufsko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufskiem	lufsko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufsk	lufsko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufsko	lufsko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufsko	lufsko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufsko	lufsko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufskom	lufsko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufsku	lufsko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufsku	lufsko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lufcie	luft	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lufcie	luft	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftach	luft	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftami	luft	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftem	luft	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luft	luft	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luft	luft	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftom	luft	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftowi	luft	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftów	luft	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftu	luft	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lufty	luft	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lufty	luft	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lufty	luft	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luftować	luftować	inf:imperf		
luftowaliby	luftować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
luftowalibyście	luftować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
luftowalibyśmy	luftować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
luftowali	luftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
luftowali	luftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
luftowaliście	luftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
luftowaliśmy	luftować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
luftowałaby	luftować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
luftowałabym	luftować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
luftowałabyś	luftować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
luftowała	luftować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
luftowała	luftować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
luftowałam	luftować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
luftowałaś	luftować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
luftowałby	luftować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
luftowałbym	luftować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
luftowałbyś	luftować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
luftowałem	luftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
luftowałeś	luftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
luftował	luftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
luftował	luftować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
luftowałoby	luftować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
luftowałobym	luftować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
luftowałobyś	luftować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
luftowało	luftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
luftowało	luftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
luftowałom	luftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
luftowałoś	luftować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
luftowałyby	luftować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
luftowałybyście	luftować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
luftowałybyśmy	luftować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
luftowały	luftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
luftowały	luftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
luftowałyście	luftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
luftowałyśmy	luftować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
luftowana	luftować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
luftowaną	luftować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
luftowanego	luftować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
luftowanego	luftować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftowanej	luftować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
luftowane	luftować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftowane	luftować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftowanemu	luftować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftowaniach	luftować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowania	luftować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowania	luftować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowaniami	luftować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowanie	luftować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowaniem	luftować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowani	luftować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luftowaniom	luftować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowaniu	luftować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
luftowano	luftować	imps:imperf		
luftowanych	luftować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luftowanych	luftować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftowany	luftować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
luftowany	luftować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
luftowanymi	luftować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftowanym	luftować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftowanym	luftować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftowań	luftować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
luftująca	luftować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
luftującą	luftować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
luftującego	luftować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
luftującego	luftować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftującej	luftować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
luftujące	luftować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftujące	luftować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftującemu	luftować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftując	luftować	pcon:imperf		
luftująco	luftować	pacta		
luftujących	luftować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luftujących	luftować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftujący	luftować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luftujący	luftować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
luftujący	luftować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
luftującymi	luftować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftującym	luftować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luftującym	luftować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luftują	luftować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
luftujcie	luftować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
luftujecie	luftować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
luftuje	luftować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
luftujemy	luftować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
luftujesz	luftować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
luftuję	luftować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
luftuj	luftować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
luftujmy	luftować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
luger	luger	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luger	luger	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrach	luger	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugra	luger	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrami	luger	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrem	luger	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrom	luger	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowi	luger	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrów	luger	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugry	luger	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugry	luger	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugry	luger	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrze	luger	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrze	luger	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugier	lugier	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugier	lugier	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrach	lugier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugra	lugier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrami	lugier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrem	lugier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrom	lugier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowi	lugier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrów	lugier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugry	lugier	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugry	lugier	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugry	lugier	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrze	lugier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrze	lugier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerach	lugrotrawler	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlera	lugrotrawler	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerami	lugrotrawler	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerem	lugrotrawler	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawler	lugrotrawler	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawler	lugrotrawler	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerom	lugrotrawler	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerowi	lugrotrawler	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerów	lugrotrawler	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlery	lugrotrawler	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlery	lugrotrawler	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlery	lugrotrawler	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerze	lugrotrawler	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrotrawlerze	lugrotrawler	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowościach	lugrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowościami	lugrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowością	lugrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowości	lugrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowościom	lugrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowość	lugrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowość	lugrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lugrowa	lugrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lugrową	lugrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lugrową	lugrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lugrowego	lugrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lugrowego	lugrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lugrowej	lugrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lugrowej	lugrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lugrowej	lugrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lugrowe	lugrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lugrowe	lugrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lugrowe	lugrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lugrowe	lugrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lugrowemu	lugrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lugrowi	lugrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lugrowo	lugrowy	adja		
lugrowych	lugrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lugrowych	lugrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lugrowych	lugrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lugrowy	lugrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lugrowy	lugrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lugrowymi	lugrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lugrowym	lugrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lugrowym	lugrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lugrowym	lugrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luidorach	luidor	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidora	luidor	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidora	luidor	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidorami	luidor	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidorem	luidor	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidor	luidor	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidorom	luidor	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidorowi	luidor	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidorów	luidor	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidory	luidor	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidory	luidor	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidory	luidor	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidorze	luidor	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luidorze	luidor	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luizycie	luizyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizycie	luizyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizytach	luizyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizytami	luizyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizytem	luizyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizyt	luizyt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizyt	luizyt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizytom	luizyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizytowi	luizyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizytów	luizyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizytu	luizyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizyty	luizyt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizyty	luizyt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luizyty	luizyt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukach	luk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lukami	luk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lukiem	luk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luki	luk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luki	luk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luki	luk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luk	luk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luk	luk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lukom	luk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
lukowi	luk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luków	luk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luku	luk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luku	luk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luku	luk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	żegl.
luce	luka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luce	luka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukach	luka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luka	luka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukami	luka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luką	luka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukę	luka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luki	luka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luki	luka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luki	luka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luki	luka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luk	luka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luko	luka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukom	luka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarnach	lukarna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarna	lukarna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarnami	lukarna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarną	lukarna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarnę	lukarna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarnie	lukarna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarnie	lukarna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarn	lukarna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarno	lukarna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarnom	lukarna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarny	lukarna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarny	lukarna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarny	lukarna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukarny	lukarna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówce	lukasówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówce	lukasówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówek	lukasówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówkach	lukasówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówka	lukasówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówkami	lukasówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówką	lukasówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówkę	lukasówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówki	lukasówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówki	lukasówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówki	lukasówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówki	lukasówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówko	lukasówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukasówkom	lukasówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukier	lukier	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukier	lukier	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrach	lukier	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrami	lukier	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrem	lukier	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrom	lukier	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowi	lukier	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrów	lukier	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukru	lukier	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukry	lukier	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukry	lukier	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukry	lukier	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrze	lukier	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukrze	lukier	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lukowościach	lukowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowościami	lukowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowością	lukowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowości	lukowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowościom	lukowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowość	lukowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowość	lukowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukowa	lukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lukową	lukowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lukową	lukowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lukowego	lukowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lukowego	lukowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukowej	lukowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lukowej	lukowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lukowej	lukowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lukowe	lukowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukowe	lukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukowe	lukowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lukowe	lukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lukowemu	lukowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukowi	lukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lukowo	lukowy	adja		
lukowych	lukowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lukowych	lukowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukowych	lukowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukowy	lukowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lukowy	lukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lukowymi	lukowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukowym	lukowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukowym	lukowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukowym	lukowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukratywnie	lukratywnie	adv:pos		
lukratywnościach	lukratywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywnościami	lukratywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywnością	lukratywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywności	lukratywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywnościom	lukratywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywność	lukratywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywność	lukratywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukratywna	lukratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lukratywną	lukratywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lukratywną	lukratywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lukratywnego	lukratywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lukratywnego	lukratywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukratywnej	lukratywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lukratywnej	lukratywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lukratywnej	lukratywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lukratywne	lukratywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukratywne	lukratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukratywne	lukratywny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lukratywne	lukratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lukratywnemu	lukratywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukratywni	lukratywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lukratywno	lukratywny	adja		
lukratywnych	lukratywny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lukratywnych	lukratywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukratywnych	lukratywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukratywny	lukratywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lukratywny	lukratywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lukratywnymi	lukratywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukratywnym	lukratywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukratywnym	lukratywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukratywnym	lukratywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrecjach	lukrecja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecja	lukrecja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjami	lukrecja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecją	lukrecja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecje	lukrecja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecje	lukrecja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecje	lukrecja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecję	lukrecja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecji	lukrecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lukrecji	lukrecja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecji	lukrecja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecji	lukrecja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjo	lukrecja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjom	lukrecja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecyj	lukrecja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lukrecjowościach	lukrecjowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowościami	lukrecjowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowością	lukrecjowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowości	lukrecjowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowościom	lukrecjowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowość	lukrecjowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowość	lukrecjowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrecjowa	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lukrecjową	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lukrecjową	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lukrecjowego	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lukrecjowego	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrecjowej	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lukrecjowej	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lukrecjowej	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lukrecjowe	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukrecjowe	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukrecjowe	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lukrecjowe	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lukrecjowemu	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrecjowi	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lukrecjowo	lukrecjowy	adja		
lukrecjowych	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lukrecjowych	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrecjowych	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrecjowy	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lukrecjowy	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lukrecjowymi	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrecjowym	lukrecjowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrecjowym	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrecjowym	lukrecjowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrować	lukrować	inf:imperf		
lukrowaliby	lukrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lukrowalibyście	lukrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lukrowalibyśmy	lukrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lukrowali	lukrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lukrowali	lukrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lukrowaliście	lukrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lukrowaliśmy	lukrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lukrowałaby	lukrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lukrowałabym	lukrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lukrowałabyś	lukrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lukrowała	lukrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lukrowała	lukrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lukrowałam	lukrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lukrowałaś	lukrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lukrowałby	lukrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lukrowałbym	lukrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lukrowałbyś	lukrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lukrowałem	lukrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lukrowałeś	lukrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lukrował	lukrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lukrował	lukrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lukrowałoby	lukrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lukrowałobym	lukrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lukrowałobyś	lukrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lukrowało	lukrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lukrowało	lukrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lukrowałom	lukrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lukrowałoś	lukrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lukrowałyby	lukrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lukrowałybyście	lukrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lukrowałybyśmy	lukrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lukrowały	lukrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lukrowały	lukrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lukrowałyście	lukrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lukrowałyśmy	lukrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lukrowana	lukrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lukrowaną	lukrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lukrowanego	lukrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lukrowanego	lukrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowanej	lukrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lukrowane	lukrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrowane	lukrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowanemu	lukrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowaniach	lukrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowania	lukrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowania	lukrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowaniami	lukrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowanie	lukrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowaniem	lukrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowani	lukrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lukrowaniom	lukrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowaniu	lukrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowano	lukrować	imps:imperf		
lukrowanych	lukrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lukrowanych	lukrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrowany	lukrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lukrowany	lukrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lukrowanymi	lukrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrowanym	lukrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrowanym	lukrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrowań	lukrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lukrująca	lukrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lukrującą	lukrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lukrującego	lukrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lukrującego	lukrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrującej	lukrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lukrujące	lukrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrujące	lukrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrującemu	lukrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrując	lukrować	pcon:imperf		
lukrująco	lukrować	pacta		
lukrujących	lukrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lukrujących	lukrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrujący	lukrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lukrujący	lukrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lukrujący	lukrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lukrującymi	lukrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrującym	lukrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lukrującym	lukrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lukrują	lukrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lukrujcie	lukrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lukrujecie	lukrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lukruje	lukrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lukrujemy	lukrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lukrujesz	lukrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lukruję	lukrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lukruj	lukrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lukrujmy	lukrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lukrowatościach	lukrowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatościami	lukrowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatością	lukrowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatości	lukrowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatościom	lukrowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatość	lukrowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowatość	lukrowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowaci	lukrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lukrowata	lukrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lukrowatą	lukrowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lukrowatą	lukrowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lukrowatego	lukrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lukrowatego	lukrowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrowatej	lukrowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lukrowatej	lukrowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lukrowatej	lukrowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lukrowate	lukrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowate	lukrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowate	lukrowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lukrowate	lukrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lukrowatemu	lukrowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrowato	lukrowaty	adja		
lukrowatych	lukrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lukrowatych	lukrowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowatych	lukrowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowaty	lukrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lukrowaty	lukrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lukrowatymi	lukrowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowatym	lukrowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowatym	lukrowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrowatym	lukrowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrowościach	lukrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowościami	lukrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowością	lukrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowości	lukrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowościom	lukrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowość	lukrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowość	lukrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukrowa	lukrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lukrową	lukrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lukrową	lukrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lukrowego	lukrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lukrowego	lukrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrowej	lukrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lukrowej	lukrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lukrowej	lukrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lukrowe	lukrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowe	lukrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowe	lukrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lukrowe	lukrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lukrowemu	lukrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrowi	lukrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lukrowo	lukrowy	adja		
lukrowych	lukrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lukrowych	lukrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowych	lukrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowy	lukrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lukrowy	lukrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lukrowymi	lukrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowym	lukrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukrowym	lukrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukrowym	lukrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksach	luks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksami	luks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksem	luks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksie	luks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksie	luks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luks	luks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luks	luks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksom	luks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksowi	luks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksów	luks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksu	luks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksy	luks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksy	luks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksy	luks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczycy	luksemburczyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczycy	luksemburczyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczykach	luksemburczyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyka	luksemburczyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyka	luksemburczyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczykami	luksemburczyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczykiem	luksemburczyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyki	luksemburczyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyki	luksemburczyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyk	luksemburczyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczykom	luksemburczyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczykowi	luksemburczyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyków	luksemburczyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyków	luksemburczyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyku	luksemburczyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburczyku	luksemburczyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmach	luksemburgizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmami	luksemburgizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmem	luksemburgizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmie	luksemburgizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmie	luksemburgizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizm	luksemburgizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizm	luksemburgizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmom	luksemburgizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmowi	luksemburgizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmów	luksemburgizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmu	luksemburgizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmy	luksemburgizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmy	luksemburgizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburgizmy	luksemburgizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburce	luksemburka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburce	luksemburka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburek	luksemburka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburkach	luksemburka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburka	luksemburka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburkami	luksemburka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburką	luksemburka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburkę	luksemburka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburki	luksemburka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburki	luksemburka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburki	luksemburka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburki	luksemburka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburko	luksemburka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburkom	luksemburka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburscy	luksemburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luksemburska	luksemburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luksemburską	luksemburski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luksemburską	luksemburski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luksemburskich	luksemburski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luksemburskich	luksemburski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksemburskich	luksemburski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksemburskiego	luksemburski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luksemburskiego	luksemburski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksemburskiej	luksemburski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luksemburskiej	luksemburski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luksemburskiej	luksemburski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luksemburskie	luksemburski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luksemburskie	luksemburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luksemburskie	luksemburski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luksemburskie	luksemburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luksemburskiemu	luksemburski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksemburski	luksemburski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luksemburski	luksemburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luksemburskimi	luksemburski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksemburskim	luksemburski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksemburskim	luksemburski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksemburskim	luksemburski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksembursko	luksemburski	adja		
luksembursku	luksemburski	adjp		
luksembursko	luksembursko	adv:pos		
luksemburskościach	luksemburskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskościami	luksemburskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskością	luksemburskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskości	luksemburskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskościom	luksemburskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskość	luksemburskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksemburskość	luksemburskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksferach	luksfer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksfera	luksfer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferami	luksfer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferem	luksfer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksfer	luksfer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksfer	luksfer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferom	luksfer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferowi	luksfer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferów	luksfer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferu	luksfer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksfery	luksfer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksfery	luksfer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksfery	luksfer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferze	luksfer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksferze	luksfer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzinach	luksogodzina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzina	luksogodzina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzinami	luksogodzina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodziną	luksogodzina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzinę	luksogodzina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzinie	luksogodzina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzinie	luksogodzina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzin	luksogodzina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzino	luksogodzina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodzinom	luksogodzina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodziny	luksogodzina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodziny	luksogodzina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodziny	luksogodzina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksogodziny	luksogodzina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografiach	luksografia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografia	luksografia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografiami	luksografia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografią	luksografia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografie	luksografia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografie	luksografia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografie	luksografia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografię	luksografia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografii	luksografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
luksografii	luksografia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografii	luksografia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografii	luksografia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografij	luksografia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
luksografio	luksografia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksografiom	luksografia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzach	luksomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzach	luksomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierza	luksomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierza	luksomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzami	luksomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzami	luksomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierze	luksomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierze	luksomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierze	luksomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierze	luksomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierze	luksomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierze	luksomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzem	luksomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzem	luksomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierz	luksomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierz	luksomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierz	luksomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierz	luksomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzom	luksomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzom	luksomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzowi	luksomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzowi	luksomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzów	luksomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzu	luksomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzu	luksomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzu	luksomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksomierzu	luksomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luksomierzy	luksomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundach	luksosekunda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekunda	luksosekunda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundami	luksosekunda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundą	luksosekunda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundę	luksosekunda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekund	luksosekunda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundo	luksosekunda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundom	luksosekunda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundy	luksosekunda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundy	luksosekunda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundy	luksosekunda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundy	luksosekunda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundzie	luksosekunda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksosekundzie	luksosekunda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusach	luksus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusami	luksus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusem	luksus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusie	luksus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusie	luksus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksus	luksus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksus	luksus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusom	luksus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowi	luksus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusów	luksus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusu	luksus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusy	luksus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusy	luksus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusy	luksus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowo	luksusowo	adv:pos		
luksusowościach	luksusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowościami	luksusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowością	luksusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowości	luksusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowościom	luksusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowość	luksusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowość	luksusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luksusowa	luksusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luksusową	luksusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luksusową	luksusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luksusowego	luksusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luksusowego	luksusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksusowej	luksusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luksusowej	luksusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luksusowej	luksusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luksusowe	luksusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luksusowe	luksusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luksusowe	luksusowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luksusowe	luksusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luksusowemu	luksusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksusowi	luksusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luksusowo	luksusowy	adja		
luksusowych	luksusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luksusowych	luksusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksusowych	luksusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksusowy	luksusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luksusowy	luksusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luksusowymi	luksusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksusowym	luksusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luksusowym	luksusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luksusowym	luksusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukcie	lukta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukcie	lukta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luktach	lukta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukta	lukta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luktami	lukta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luktą	lukta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luktę	lukta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukt	lukta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukto	lukta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luktom	lukta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukty	lukta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukty	lukta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukty	lukta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukty	lukta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracjach	lukubracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracja	lukubracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracjami	lukubracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracją	lukubracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracje	lukubracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracje	lukubracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracje	lukubracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubrację	lukubracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracji	lukubracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
lukubracji	lukubracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracji	lukubracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracji	lukubracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracjo	lukubracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracjom	lukubracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lukubracyj	lukubracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
lukullusowościach	lukullusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowościami	lukullusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowością	lukullusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowości	lukullusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowościom	lukullusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowość	lukullusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowość	lukullusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lukullusowa	lukullusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lukullusową	lukullusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lukullusową	lukullusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lukullusowego	lukullusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lukullusowego	lukullusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukullusowej	lukullusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lukullusowej	lukullusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lukullusowej	lukullusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lukullusowe	lukullusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukullusowe	lukullusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lukullusowe	lukullusowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lukullusowe	lukullusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lukullusowemu	lukullusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukullusowi	lukullusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lukullusowo	lukullusowy	adja		
lukullusowych	lukullusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lukullusowych	lukullusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukullusowych	lukullusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukullusowy	lukullusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lukullusowy	lukullusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lukullusowymi	lukullusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukullusowym	lukullusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lukullusowym	lukullusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lukullusowym	lukullusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lulacie	lulać	fin:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
lulać	lulać	inf:imperf		pot.
lulająca	lulać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lulającą	lulać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lulającego	lulać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lulającego	lulać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulającej	lulać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lulające	lulać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulające	lulać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulającemu	lulać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulając	lulać	pcon:imperf		pot.
lulająco	lulać	pacta		
lulających	lulać	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lulających	lulać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulający	lulać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lulający	lulać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lulający	lulać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lulającymi	lulać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulającym	lulać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulającym	lulać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulają	lulać	fin:pl:ter:imperf		pot.
lulajcie	lulać	impt:pl:sec:imperf		pot.
lulaj	lulać	impt:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
lulajmy	lulać	impt:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
lulaliby	lulać	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
lulalibyście	lulać	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
lulalibyśmy	lulać	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
lulali	lulać	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		pot.
lulali	lulać	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		pot.
lulaliście	lulać	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		pot.
lulaliśmy	lulać	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		pot.
lula	lulać	fin:sg:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałaby	lulać	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałabym	lulać	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
lulałabyś	lulać	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
lulała	lulać	praet:sg:f:imperf		pot.
lulała	lulać	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałam	lulać	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		pot.
lulałaś	lulać	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		pot.
lulałby	lulać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałbym	lulać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
lulałbyś	lulać	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
lulałem	lulać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		pot.
lulałeś	lulać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		pot.
lulał	lulać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		pot.
lulał	lulać	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałoby	lulać	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałobym	lulać	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
lulałobyś	lulać	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
lulało	lulać	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		pot.
lulało	lulać	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałom	lulać	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		pot.
lulałoś	lulać	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		pot.
lulałyby	lulać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałybyście	lulać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
lulałybyśmy	lulać	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
lulały	lulać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		pot.
lulały	lulać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		pot.
lulałyście	lulać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		pot.
lulałyśmy	lulać	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		pot.
lulam	lulać	fin:sg:pri:imperf		pot.
lulamy	lulać	fin:pl:pri:imperf		pot.
lulana	lulać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lulaną	lulać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lulanego	lulać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lulanego	lulać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulanej	lulać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lulane	lulać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulane	lulać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulanemu	lulać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulaniach	lulać	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lulania	lulać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lulania	lulać	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lulaniami	lulać	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lulanie	lulać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lulaniem	lulać	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lulani	lulać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lulaniom	lulać	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lulaniu	lulać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lulano	lulać	imps:imperf		pot.
lulanych	lulać	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lulanych	lulać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulany	lulać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lulany	lulać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lulanymi	lulać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulanym	lulać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lulanym	lulać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lulań	lulać	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lulasz	lulać	fin:sg:sec:imperf		pot.
luleczce	luleczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczce	luleczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczek	luleczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczkach	luleczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczka	luleczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczkami	luleczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczką	luleczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczkę	luleczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczki	luleczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczki	luleczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczki	luleczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczki	luleczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczko	luleczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luleczkom	luleczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulek	lulek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulek	lulek	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulek	lulek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkach	lulek	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkach	lulek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulka	lulek	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulka	lulek	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulka	lulek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkami	lulek	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkami	lulek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkiem	lulek	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkiem	lulek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulki	lulek	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulki	lulek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulki	lulek	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulki	lulek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulki	lulek	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulki	lulek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkom	lulek	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkom	lulek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkowi	lulek	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulkowi	lulek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulków	lulek	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulków	lulek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulku	lulek	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulku	lulek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulku	lulek	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	bot.
lulku	lulek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	bot.
luli	luli	interj		
lulce	lulka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulce	lulka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulek	lulka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulkach	lulka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulka	lulka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulkami	lulka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulką	lulka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulkę	lulka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulki	lulka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulki	lulka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulki	lulka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulki	lulka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulko	lulka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulkom	lulka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lulkowościach	lulkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowościami	lulkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowością	lulkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowości	lulkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowościom	lulkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowość	lulkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowość	lulkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lulkowa	lulkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lulkową	lulkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lulkową	lulkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lulkowego	lulkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lulkowego	lulkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lulkowej	lulkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lulkowej	lulkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lulkowej	lulkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lulkowe	lulkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lulkowe	lulkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lulkowe	lulkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lulkowe	lulkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lulkowemu	lulkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lulkowi	lulkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lulkowo	lulkowy	adja		
lulkowych	lulkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lulkowych	lulkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lulkowych	lulkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lulkowy	lulkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lulkowy	lulkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lulkowymi	lulkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lulkowym	lulkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lulkowym	lulkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lulkowym	lulkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lulu	lulu	interj		
lumbago	lumbago	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbago	lumbago	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	med.
lumbalizacjach	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacja	lumbalizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacjami	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacją	lumbalizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacje	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacje	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacje	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizację	lumbalizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacji	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lumbalizacji	lumbalizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacji	lumbalizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacji	lumbalizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacjo	lumbalizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacjom	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumbalizacyj	lumbalizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lumenach	lumen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumena	lumen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenami	lumen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenem	lumen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenie	lumen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenie	lumen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumen	lumen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumen	lumen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenom	lumen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenowi	lumen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenów	lumen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenu	lumen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumeny	lumen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumeny	lumen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumeny	lumen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzinach	lumenogodzina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzina	lumenogodzina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzinami	lumenogodzina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodziną	lumenogodzina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzinę	lumenogodzina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzinie	lumenogodzina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzinie	lumenogodzina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzin	lumenogodzina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzino	lumenogodzina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodzinom	lumenogodzina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodziny	lumenogodzina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodziny	lumenogodzina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodziny	lumenogodzina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenogodziny	lumenogodzina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrach	lumenometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrami	lumenometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrem	lumenometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometr	lumenometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometr	lumenometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrom	lumenometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrowi	lumenometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrów	lumenometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometru	lumenometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometry	lumenometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometry	lumenometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometry	lumenometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrze	lumenometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenometrze	lumenometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzach	lumenomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzach	lumenomierz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierza	lumenomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierza	lumenomierz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzami	lumenomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzami	lumenomierz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierze	lumenomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierze	lumenomierz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierze	lumenomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierze	lumenomierz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierze	lumenomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierze	lumenomierz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzem	lumenomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzem	lumenomierz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierz	lumenomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierz	lumenomierz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierz	lumenomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierz	lumenomierz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzom	lumenomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzom	lumenomierz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzowi	lumenomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzowi	lumenomierz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzów	lumenomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzu	lumenomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzu	lumenomierz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzu	lumenomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenomierzu	lumenomierz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumenomierzy	lumenomierz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundach	lumenosekunda	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekunda	lumenosekunda	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundami	lumenosekunda	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundą	lumenosekunda	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundę	lumenosekunda	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekund	lumenosekunda	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundo	lumenosekunda	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundom	lumenosekunda	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundy	lumenosekunda	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundy	lumenosekunda	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundy	lumenosekunda	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundy	lumenosekunda	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundzie	lumenosekunda	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumenosekundzie	lumenosekunda	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowscy	lumierowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lumierowska	lumierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lumierowską	lumierowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lumierowską	lumierowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lumierowskich	lumierowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lumierowskich	lumierowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumierowskich	lumierowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumierowskiego	lumierowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lumierowskiego	lumierowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumierowskiej	lumierowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lumierowskiej	lumierowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lumierowskiej	lumierowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lumierowskie	lumierowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumierowskie	lumierowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumierowskie	lumierowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lumierowskie	lumierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lumierowskiemu	lumierowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumierowski	lumierowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lumierowski	lumierowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lumierowskimi	lumierowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumierowskim	lumierowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumierowskim	lumierowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumierowskim	lumierowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumierowsko	lumierowski	adja		
lumierowsku	lumierowski	adjp		
lumierowsko	lumierowsko	adv:pos		
lumierowskościach	lumierowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskościami	lumierowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskością	lumierowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskości	lumierowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskościom	lumierowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskość	lumierowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumierowskość	lumierowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminacjach	luminacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacja	luminacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacjami	luminacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacją	luminacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacje	luminacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacje	luminacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacje	luminacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminację	luminacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacji	luminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|daw.
luminacji	luminacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacji	luminacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacji	luminacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacjo	luminacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacjom	luminacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminacyj	luminacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|daw.
luminalach	luminal	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalami	luminal	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminale	luminal	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminale	luminal	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminale	luminal	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalem	luminal	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminali	luminal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminal	luminal	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminal	luminal	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalom	luminal	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalowi	luminal	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalów	luminal	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalu	luminal	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalu	luminal	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminalu	luminal	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminancjach	luminancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancja	luminancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancjami	luminancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancją	luminancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancje	luminancja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancje	luminancja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancje	luminancja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancję	luminancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancji	luminancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
luminancji	luminancja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancji	luminancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancji	luminancja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancjo	luminancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancjom	luminancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminancyj	luminancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
luminarnościach	luminarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarnościami	luminarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarnością	luminarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarności	luminarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarnościom	luminarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarność	luminarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarność	luminarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luminarna	luminarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
luminarną	luminarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
luminarną	luminarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
luminarnego	luminarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
luminarnego	luminarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
luminarnej	luminarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
luminarnej	luminarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
luminarnej	luminarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
luminarne	luminarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
luminarne	luminarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
luminarne	luminarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
luminarne	luminarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
luminarnemu	luminarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
luminarni	luminarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
luminarno	luminarny	adja		przest.
luminarnych	luminarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
luminarnych	luminarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
luminarnych	luminarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
luminarny	luminarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
luminarny	luminarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
luminarnymi	luminarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
luminarnym	luminarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
luminarnym	luminarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
luminarnym	luminarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
luminarscy	luminarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luminarska	luminarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luminarską	luminarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luminarską	luminarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luminarskich	luminarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luminarskich	luminarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminarskich	luminarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminarskiego	luminarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luminarskiego	luminarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminarskiej	luminarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luminarskiej	luminarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luminarskiej	luminarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luminarskie	luminarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luminarskie	luminarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luminarskie	luminarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luminarskie	luminarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luminarskiemu	luminarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminarski	luminarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luminarski	luminarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luminarskimi	luminarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminarskim	luminarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminarskim	luminarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminarskim	luminarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminarsko	luminarski	adja		
luminarsku	luminarski	adjp		
luminarsko	luminarsko	adv:pos		
luminarskościach	luminarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskościami	luminarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskością	luminarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskości	luminarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskościom	luminarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskość	luminarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarskość	luminarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzach	luminarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzach	luminarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarza	luminarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarza	luminarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarza	luminarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarza	luminarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzami	luminarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzami	luminarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarze	luminarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luminarze	luminarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarze	luminarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luminarze	luminarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarze	luminarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarze	luminarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarze	luminarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarze	luminarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzem	luminarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzem	luminarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarz	luminarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarz	luminarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzom	luminarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzom	luminarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzowi	luminarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzowi	luminarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzów	luminarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzów	luminarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzu	luminarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzu	luminarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzu	luminarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzu	luminarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
luminarzy	luminarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminarzy	luminarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luminatorach	luminator	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatora	luminator	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatorami	luminator	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatorem	luminator	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminator	luminator	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminator	luminator	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatorom	luminator	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatorowi	luminator	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatorów	luminator	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatory	luminator	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatory	luminator	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatory	luminator	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatorze	luminator	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminatorze	luminator	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luminescencjach	luminescencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencja	luminescencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencjami	luminescencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencją	luminescencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencje	luminescencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencje	luminescencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencje	luminescencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencję	luminescencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencji	luminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
luminescencji	luminescencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencji	luminescencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencji	luminescencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencjo	luminescencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencjom	luminescencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyj	luminescencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
luminescencyjnościach	luminescencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjnościami	luminescencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjnością	luminescencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjności	luminescencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjnościom	luminescencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjność	luminescencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjność	luminescencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luminescencyjna	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luminescencyjną	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luminescencyjną	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luminescencyjnego	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luminescencyjnego	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminescencyjnej	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luminescencyjnej	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luminescencyjnej	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luminescencyjne	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luminescencyjne	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luminescencyjne	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luminescencyjne	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luminescencyjnemu	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminescencyjni	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luminescencyjno	luminescencyjny	adja		
luminescencyjnych	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luminescencyjnych	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminescencyjnych	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminescencyjny	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luminescencyjny	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luminescencyjnymi	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminescencyjnym	luminescencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luminescencyjnym	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminescencyjnym	luminescencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luminizmach	luminizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmami	luminizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmem	luminizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmie	luminizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmie	luminizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizm	luminizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizm	luminizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmom	luminizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmowi	luminizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmów	luminizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmu	luminizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmy	luminizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmy	luminizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminizmy	luminizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforach	luminofor	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminofora	luminofor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforami	luminofor	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforem	luminofor	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminofor	luminofor	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminofor	luminofor	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforom	luminofor	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforowi	luminofor	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforów	luminofor	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforu	luminofor	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminofory	luminofor	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminofory	luminofor	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminofory	luminofor	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforze	luminofor	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luminoforze	luminofor	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypach	lumityp	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypami	lumityp	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypem	lumityp	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypie	lumityp	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypie	lumityp	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumityp	lumityp	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumityp	lumityp	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypom	lumityp	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypowi	lumityp	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypów	lumityp	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypu	lumityp	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypy	lumityp	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypy	lumityp	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumitypy	lumityp	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksach	lumpeks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksami	lumpeks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksem	lumpeks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksie	lumpeks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksie	lumpeks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeks	lumpeks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeks	lumpeks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksom	lumpeks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowi	lumpeks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksów	lumpeks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksu	lumpeks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksy	lumpeks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksy	lumpeks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksy	lumpeks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowościach	lumpeksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowościami	lumpeksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowością	lumpeksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowości	lumpeksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowościom	lumpeksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowość	lumpeksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowość	lumpeksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeksowa	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lumpeksową	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lumpeksową	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lumpeksowego	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lumpeksowego	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpeksowej	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lumpeksowej	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lumpeksowej	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lumpeksowe	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpeksowe	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpeksowe	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpeksowe	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpeksowemu	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpeksowi	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpeksowo	lumpeksowy	adja		
lumpeksowych	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpeksowych	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpeksowych	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpeksowy	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lumpeksowy	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lumpeksowymi	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpeksowym	lumpeksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpeksowym	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpeksowym	lumpeksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpeninteligencjach	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencja	lumpeninteligencja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencjami	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencją	lumpeninteligencja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencje	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencje	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencje	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencję	lumpeninteligencja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencji	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lumpeninteligencji	lumpeninteligencja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencji	lumpeninteligencja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencji	lumpeninteligencja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencjo	lumpeninteligencja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencjom	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpeninteligencyj	lumpeninteligencja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lumpenproletariaccy	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpenproletariacka	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lumpenproletariacką	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lumpenproletariacką	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lumpenproletariackich	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpenproletariackich	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpenproletariackich	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpenproletariackiego	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lumpenproletariackiego	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpenproletariackiej	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lumpenproletariackiej	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lumpenproletariackiej	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lumpenproletariackie	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpenproletariackie	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpenproletariackie	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpenproletariackie	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpenproletariackiemu	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpenproletariacki	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lumpenproletariacki	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lumpenproletariackimi	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpenproletariackim	lumpenproletariacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpenproletariackim	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpenproletariackim	lumpenproletariacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpenproletariacko	lumpenproletariacki	adja		
lumpenproletariacku	lumpenproletariacki	adjp		
lumpenproletariacko	lumpenproletariacko	adv:pos		
lumpenproletariackościach	lumpenproletariackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackościami	lumpenproletariackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackością	lumpenproletariackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackości	lumpenproletariackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackościom	lumpenproletariackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackość	lumpenproletariackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariackość	lumpenproletariackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariacie	lumpenproletariat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariacie	lumpenproletariat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariatach	lumpenproletariat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariatami	lumpenproletariat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariatem	lumpenproletariat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariat	lumpenproletariat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariat	lumpenproletariat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariatom	lumpenproletariat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariatowi	lumpenproletariat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariatów	lumpenproletariat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariatu	lumpenproletariat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariaty	lumpenproletariat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariaty	lumpenproletariat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariaty	lumpenproletariat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszach	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariusza	lumpenproletariusz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariusza	lumpenproletariusz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszami	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariusze	lumpenproletariusz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariusze	lumpenproletariusz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariusze	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariusze	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszem	lumpenproletariusz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariusz	lumpenproletariusz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszom	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszowi	lumpenproletariusz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszów	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszów	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszu	lumpenproletariusz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszu	lumpenproletariusz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszy	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszy	lumpenproletariusz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszce	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszce	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszek	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszkach	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszka	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszkami	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszką	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszkę	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszki	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszki	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszki	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszki	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszko	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpenproletariuszkom	lumpenproletariuszka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarach	lumpiara	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiara	lumpiara	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiarami	lumpiara	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiarą	lumpiara	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiarę	lumpiara	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiar	lumpiara	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiaro	lumpiara	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiarom	lumpiara	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiary	lumpiara	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiary	lumpiara	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiary	lumpiara	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiary	lumpiara	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiarze	lumpiara	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiarze	lumpiara	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pogard.|pot.
lumpiarscy	lumpiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpiarska	lumpiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lumpiarską	lumpiarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lumpiarską	lumpiarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lumpiarskich	lumpiarski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpiarskich	lumpiarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpiarskich	lumpiarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpiarskiego	lumpiarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lumpiarskiego	lumpiarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpiarskiej	lumpiarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lumpiarskiej	lumpiarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lumpiarskiej	lumpiarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lumpiarskie	lumpiarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpiarskie	lumpiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpiarskie	lumpiarski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpiarskie	lumpiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpiarskiemu	lumpiarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpiarski	lumpiarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lumpiarski	lumpiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lumpiarskimi	lumpiarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpiarskim	lumpiarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpiarskim	lumpiarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpiarskim	lumpiarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpiarsko	lumpiarski	adja		
lumpiarsku	lumpiarski	adjp		
lumpiarsko	lumpiarsko	adv:pos		
lumpiarskościach	lumpiarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskościami	lumpiarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskością	lumpiarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskości	lumpiarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskościom	lumpiarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskość	lumpiarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarskość	lumpiarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzach	lumpiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzach	lumpiarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarza	lumpiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarza	lumpiarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarza	lumpiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarza	lumpiarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzami	lumpiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzami	lumpiarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarze	lumpiarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzem	lumpiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzem	lumpiarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarz	lumpiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarz	lumpiarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzom	lumpiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzom	lumpiarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzowi	lumpiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzowi	lumpiarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzów	lumpiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzów	lumpiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzu	lumpiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzu	lumpiarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzu	lumpiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzu	lumpiarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lumpiarzy	lumpiarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpiarzy	lumpiarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lumpce	lumpka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpce	lumpka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpek	lumpka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpkach	lumpka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpka	lumpka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpkami	lumpka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpką	lumpka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpkę	lumpka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpki	lumpka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpki	lumpka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpki	lumpka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpki	lumpka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpko	lumpka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpkom	lumpka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpować	lumpować	inf:imperf		
lumpowaliby	lumpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lumpowalibyście	lumpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lumpowalibyśmy	lumpować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lumpowali	lumpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lumpowali	lumpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lumpowaliście	lumpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lumpowaliśmy	lumpować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lumpowałaby	lumpować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lumpowałabym	lumpować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lumpowałabyś	lumpować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lumpowała	lumpować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lumpowała	lumpować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lumpowałam	lumpować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lumpowałaś	lumpować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lumpowałby	lumpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lumpowałbym	lumpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lumpowałbyś	lumpować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lumpowałem	lumpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lumpowałeś	lumpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lumpował	lumpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lumpował	lumpować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lumpowałoby	lumpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lumpowałobym	lumpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lumpowałobyś	lumpować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lumpowało	lumpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lumpowało	lumpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lumpowałom	lumpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lumpowałoś	lumpować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lumpowałyby	lumpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lumpowałybyście	lumpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lumpowałybyśmy	lumpować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lumpowały	lumpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lumpowały	lumpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lumpowałyście	lumpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lumpowałyśmy	lumpować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lumpowaniach	lumpować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowania	lumpować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowania	lumpować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowaniami	lumpować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowanie	lumpować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowaniem	lumpować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowaniom	lumpować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowaniu	lumpować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpowano	lumpować	imps:imperf		
lumpowań	lumpować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lumpująca	lumpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lumpującą	lumpować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lumpującego	lumpować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lumpującego	lumpować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lumpującej	lumpować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lumpujące	lumpować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lumpujące	lumpować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lumpującemu	lumpować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lumpując	lumpować	pcon:imperf		
lumpująco	lumpować	pacta		
lumpujących	lumpować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lumpujących	lumpować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lumpujący	lumpować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lumpujący	lumpować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lumpujący	lumpować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lumpującymi	lumpować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lumpującym	lumpować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lumpującym	lumpować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lumpują	lumpować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lumpujcie	lumpować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lumpujecie	lumpować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lumpuje	lumpować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lumpujemy	lumpować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lumpujesz	lumpować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lumpuję	lumpować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lumpuj	lumpować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lumpujmy	lumpować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lumpowscy	lumpowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpowska	lumpowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lumpowską	lumpowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lumpowską	lumpowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lumpowskich	lumpowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lumpowskich	lumpowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpowskich	lumpowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpowskiego	lumpowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lumpowskiego	lumpowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpowskiej	lumpowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lumpowskiej	lumpowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lumpowskiej	lumpowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lumpowskie	lumpowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpowskie	lumpowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lumpowskie	lumpowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpowskie	lumpowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lumpowskiemu	lumpowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpowski	lumpowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lumpowski	lumpowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lumpowskimi	lumpowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpowskim	lumpowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lumpowskim	lumpowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpowskim	lumpowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lumpowsko	lumpowski	adja		
lumpowsku	lumpowski	adjp		
lumpowsko	lumpowsko	adv:pos		
lumpowskościach	lumpowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskościami	lumpowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskością	lumpowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskości	lumpowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskościom	lumpowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskość	lumpowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpowskość	lumpowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lumpach	lump:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpa	lump:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpa	lump:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpami	lump:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpem	lump:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpie	lump:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpie	lump:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lump	lump:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpom	lump:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpowie	lump:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpowie	lump:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpowi	lump:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpów	lump:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpów	lump:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpy	lump:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpy	lump:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpach	lump:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpa	lump:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpami	lump:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpem	lump:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpie	lump:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpie	lump:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lump	lump:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lump	lump:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpom	lump:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpowi	lump:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpów	lump:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpy	lump:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpy	lump:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lumpy	lump:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
lunach	luna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luna	luna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunami	luna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luną	luna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunę	luna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunie	luna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunie	luna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lun	luna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luno	luna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunom	luna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luny	luna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luny	luna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luny	luna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luny	luna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunacjach	lunacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacja	lunacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacjami	lunacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacją	lunacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacje	lunacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacje	lunacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacje	lunacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunację	lunacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacji	lunacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lunacji	lunacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacji	lunacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacji	lunacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacjo	lunacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacjom	lunacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunacyj	lunacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lunaparkach	lunapark	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkami	lunapark	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkiem	lunapark	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparki	lunapark	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparki	lunapark	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparki	lunapark	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunapark	lunapark	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunapark	lunapark	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkom	lunapark	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowi	lunapark	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparków	lunapark	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparku	lunapark	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparku	lunapark	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparku	lunapark	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowościach	lunaparkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowościami	lunaparkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowością	lunaparkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowości	lunaparkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowościom	lunaparkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowość	lunaparkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowość	lunaparkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunaparkowa	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lunaparkową	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lunaparkową	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lunaparkowego	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lunaparkowego	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunaparkowej	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lunaparkowej	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lunaparkowej	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lunaparkowe	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunaparkowe	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunaparkowe	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lunaparkowe	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lunaparkowemu	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunaparkowi	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lunaparkowo	lunaparkowy	adja		
lunaparkowych	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lunaparkowych	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunaparkowych	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunaparkowy	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lunaparkowy	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lunaparkowymi	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunaparkowym	lunaparkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunaparkowym	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunaparkowym	lunaparkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunarnościach	lunarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarnościami	lunarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarnością	lunarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarności	lunarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarnościom	lunarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarność	lunarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarność	lunarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lunarna	lunarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lunarną	lunarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lunarną	lunarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lunarnego	lunarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lunarnego	lunarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lunarnej	lunarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lunarnej	lunarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lunarnej	lunarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lunarne	lunarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lunarne	lunarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lunarne	lunarny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lunarne	lunarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lunarnemu	lunarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lunarni	lunarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lunarno	lunarny	adja		daw.
lunarnych	lunarny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lunarnych	lunarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lunarnych	lunarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lunarny	lunarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lunarny	lunarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lunarnymi	lunarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lunarnym	lunarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lunarnym	lunarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lunarnym	lunarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lunatyczce	lunatyczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczce	lunatyczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczek	lunatyczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczkach	lunatyczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczka	lunatyczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczkami	lunatyczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczką	lunatyczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczkę	lunatyczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczki	lunatyczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczki	lunatyczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczki	lunatyczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczki	lunatyczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczko	lunatyczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczkom	lunatyczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatycznie	lunatycznie	adv:pos		
lunatycznościach	lunatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatycznościami	lunatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatycznością	lunatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczności	lunatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatycznościom	lunatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczność	lunatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczność	lunatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyczna	lunatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lunatyczną	lunatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lunatyczną	lunatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lunatycznego	lunatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lunatycznego	lunatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunatycznej	lunatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lunatycznej	lunatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lunatycznej	lunatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lunatyczne	lunatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunatyczne	lunatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunatyczne	lunatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lunatyczne	lunatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lunatycznemu	lunatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunatyczni	lunatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lunatyczno	lunatyczny	adja		
lunatycznych	lunatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lunatycznych	lunatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunatycznych	lunatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunatyczny	lunatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lunatyczny	lunatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lunatycznymi	lunatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunatycznym	lunatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunatycznym	lunatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunatycznym	lunatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunatycy	lunatyk	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatycy	lunatyk	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatykach	lunatyk	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyka	lunatyk	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyka	lunatyk	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatykami	lunatyk	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatykiem	lunatyk	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyki	lunatyk	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyki	lunatyk	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyk	lunatyk	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatykom	lunatyk	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatykowi	lunatyk	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyków	lunatyk	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyków	lunatyk	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyku	lunatyk	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyku	lunatyk	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunatykować	lunatykować	inf:imperf		
lunatykowaliby	lunatykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lunatykowalibyście	lunatykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lunatykowalibyśmy	lunatykować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lunatykowali	lunatykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lunatykowali	lunatykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lunatykowaliście	lunatykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lunatykowaliśmy	lunatykować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lunatykowałaby	lunatykować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałabym	lunatykować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lunatykowałabyś	lunatykować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lunatykowała	lunatykować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lunatykowała	lunatykować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałam	lunatykować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lunatykowałaś	lunatykować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lunatykowałby	lunatykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałbym	lunatykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lunatykowałbyś	lunatykować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lunatykowałem	lunatykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lunatykowałeś	lunatykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lunatykował	lunatykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lunatykował	lunatykować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałoby	lunatykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałobym	lunatykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lunatykowałobyś	lunatykować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lunatykowało	lunatykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lunatykowało	lunatykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałom	lunatykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lunatykowałoś	lunatykować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lunatykowałyby	lunatykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałybyście	lunatykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lunatykowałybyśmy	lunatykować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lunatykowały	lunatykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lunatykowały	lunatykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lunatykowałyście	lunatykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lunatykowałyśmy	lunatykować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lunatykowaniach	lunatykować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowania	lunatykować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowania	lunatykować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowaniami	lunatykować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowanie	lunatykować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowaniem	lunatykować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowaniom	lunatykować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowaniu	lunatykować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykowano	lunatykować	imps:imperf		
lunatykowań	lunatykować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykująca	lunatykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lunatykującą	lunatykować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lunatykującego	lunatykować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lunatykującego	lunatykować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykującej	lunatykować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lunatykujące	lunatykować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lunatykujące	lunatykować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykującemu	lunatykować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykując	lunatykować	pcon:imperf		
lunatykująco	lunatykować	pacta		
lunatykujących	lunatykować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lunatykujących	lunatykować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lunatykujący	lunatykować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lunatykujący	lunatykować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lunatykujący	lunatykować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lunatykującymi	lunatykować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lunatykującym	lunatykować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lunatykującym	lunatykować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lunatykują	lunatykować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lunatykujcie	lunatykować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lunatykujecie	lunatykować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lunatykuje	lunatykować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lunatykujemy	lunatykować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lunatykujesz	lunatykować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lunatykuję	lunatykować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lunatykuj	lunatykować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lunatykujmy	lunatykować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lunatyzmach	lunatyzm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmami	lunatyzm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmem	lunatyzm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmie	lunatyzm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmie	lunatyzm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzm	lunatyzm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzm	lunatyzm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmom	lunatyzm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmowi	lunatyzm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmów	lunatyzm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmu	lunatyzm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmy	lunatyzm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmy	lunatyzm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunatyzmy	lunatyzm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunąć	lunąć	inf:perf		
luną	lunąć	fin:pl:ter:perf		
lunąłby	lunąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
lunąłbym	lunąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
lunąłbyś	lunąć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
lunąłem	lunąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:perf		
lunąłeś	lunąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:perf		
lunął	lunąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:perf		
lunął	lunąć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:perf		
lunąwszy	lunąć	pant:perf		
lunęliby	lunąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
lunęlibyście	lunąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
lunęlibyśmy	lunąć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
lunęli	lunąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:perf		
lunęli	lunąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:perf		
lunęliście	lunąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:perf		
lunęliśmy	lunąć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:perf		
lunę	lunąć	fin:sg:pri:perf		
lunęłaby	lunąć	cond:sg:f:ter:perf		
lunęłabym	lunąć	cond:sg:f:pri:perf		
lunęłabyś	lunąć	cond:sg:f:sec:perf		
lunęła	lunąć	praet:sg:f:perf		
lunęła	lunąć	praet:sg:f:ter:perf		
lunęłam	lunąć	praet:sg:f:pri:perf		
lunęłaś	lunąć	praet:sg:f:sec:perf		
lunęłoby	lunąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
lunęłobym	lunąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
lunęłobyś	lunąć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
lunęło	lunąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:perf		
lunęło	lunąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:perf		
lunęłom	lunąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:perf		
lunęłoś	lunąć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:perf		
lunęłyby	lunąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
lunęłybyście	lunąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
lunęłybyśmy	lunąć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
lunęły	lunąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf		
lunęły	lunąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:perf		
lunęłyście	lunąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:perf		
lunęłyśmy	lunąć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:perf		
luniecie	lunąć	fin:pl:sec:perf		
lunie	lunąć	fin:sg:ter:perf		
luniemy	lunąć	fin:pl:pri:perf		
luniesz	lunąć	fin:sg:sec:perf		
lunięciach	lunąć	ger:pl:loc:n2:perf:aff		
lunięcia	lunąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
lunięcia	lunąć	ger:sg:gen:n2:perf:aff		
lunięciami	lunąć	ger:pl:inst:n2:perf:aff		
lunięcie	lunąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:perf:aff		
lunięciem	lunąć	ger:sg:inst:n2:perf:aff		
lunięci	lunąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
lunięciom	lunąć	ger:pl:dat:n2:perf:aff		
lunięciu	lunąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:perf:aff		
lunięć	lunąć	ger:pl:gen:n2:perf:aff		
lunięta	lunąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:aff		
luniętą	lunąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:aff		
luniętego	lunąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:aff		
luniętego	lunąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
luniętej	lunąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:aff		
lunięte	lunąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lunięte	lunąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:perf:aff		
luniętemu	lunąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
lunięto	lunąć	imps:perf		
luniętych	lunąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:perf:aff		
luniętych	lunąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
lunięty	lunąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:aff		
lunięty	lunąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:aff		
luniętymi	lunąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
luniętym	lunąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:perf:aff		
luniętym	lunąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:perf:aff		
luńcie	lunąć	impt:pl:sec:perf		
luń	lunąć	impt:sg:sec:perf		
luńmy	lunąć	impt:pl:pri:perf		
lunchach	lunch	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchami	lunch	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunche	lunch	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunche	lunch	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunche	lunch	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchem	lunch	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunch	lunch	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunch	lunch	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchom	lunch	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchowi	lunch	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchów	lunch	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchu	lunch	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchu	lunch	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchu	lunch	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunchowo	lunchowo	adv:pos		
lunchowa	lunchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lunchową	lunchowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lunchową	lunchowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lunchowego	lunchowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lunchowego	lunchowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunchowej	lunchowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lunchowej	lunchowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lunchowej	lunchowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lunchowe	lunchowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunchowe	lunchowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunchowe	lunchowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lunchowe	lunchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lunchowemu	lunchowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunchowi	lunchowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lunchowo	lunchowy	adja		
lunchowych	lunchowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lunchowych	lunchowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunchowych	lunchowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunchowy	lunchowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lunchowy	lunchowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lunchowymi	lunchowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunchowym	lunchowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunchowym	lunchowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunchowym	lunchowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunecie	luneta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunecie	luneta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetach	luneta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luneta	luneta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetami	luneta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetą	luneta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetę	luneta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunet	luneta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luneto	luneta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetom	luneta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunety	luneta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunety	luneta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunety	luneta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunety	luneta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetce	lunetka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetce	lunetka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetek	lunetka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetkach	lunetka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetka	lunetka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetkami	lunetka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetką	lunetka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetkę	lunetka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetki	lunetka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetki	lunetka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetki	lunetka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetki	lunetka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetko	lunetka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetkom	lunetka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowościach	lunetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowościami	lunetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowością	lunetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowości	lunetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowościom	lunetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowość	lunetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowość	lunetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunetowa	lunetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lunetową	lunetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lunetową	lunetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lunetowego	lunetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lunetowego	lunetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunetowej	lunetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lunetowej	lunetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lunetowej	lunetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lunetowe	lunetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunetowe	lunetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lunetowe	lunetowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lunetowe	lunetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lunetowemu	lunetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunetowi	lunetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lunetowo	lunetowy	adja		
lunetowych	lunetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lunetowych	lunetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunetowych	lunetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunetowy	lunetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lunetowy	lunetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lunetowymi	lunetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunetowym	lunetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lunetowym	lunetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunetowym	lunetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lunicie	lunit	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunicie	lunit	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunitach	lunit	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunitami	lunit	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunitem	lunit	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunit	lunit	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunit	lunit	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunitom	lunit	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunitowi	lunit	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunitów	lunit	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunitu	lunit	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunity	lunit	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunity	lunit	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunity	lunit	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrach	lunometr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrami	lunometr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrem	lunometr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometr	lunometr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometr	lunometr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrom	lunometr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrowi	lunometr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrów	lunometr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometru	lunometr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometry	lunometr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometry	lunometr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometry	lunometr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrze	lunometr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunometrze	lunometr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lunonaucie	lunonauta	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonaucie	lunonauta	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonauci	lunonauta	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonauci	lunonauta	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonautach	lunonauta	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonauta	lunonauta	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonautami	lunonauta	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonautą	lunonauta	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonautę	lunonauta	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonauto	lunonauta	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonautom	lunonauta	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonautów	lunonauta	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonautów	lunonauta	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunonauty	lunonauta	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lunonauty	lunonauta	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lunonauty	lunonauta	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lunulach	lunula	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunula	lunula	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunulami	lunula	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunulą	lunula	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunule	lunula	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunule	lunula	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunule	lunula	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunulę	lunula	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunuli	lunula	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lunuli	lunula	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunuli	lunula	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunuli	lunula	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunul	lunula	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lunulo	lunula	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lunulom	lunula	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupach	lupa	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupa	lupa	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupami	lupa	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupą	lupa	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupę	lupa	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupie	lupa	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupie	lupa	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lup	lupa	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupo	lupa	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupom	lupa	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupy	lupa	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupy	lupa	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupy	lupa	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupy	lupa	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupanarach	lupanar	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanarami	lupanar	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanarem	lupanar	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanar	lupanar	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanar	lupanar	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanarom	lupanar	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanarowi	lupanar	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanarów	lupanar	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanaru	lupanar	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanary	lupanar	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanary	lupanar	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanary	lupanar	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanarze	lupanar	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lupanarze	lupanar	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luperkaliach	luperkalia	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkalia	luperkalia	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkalia	luperkalia	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkalia	luperkalia	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkaliami	luperkalia	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkaliom	luperkalia	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkaliów	luperkalia	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkaliach	luperkalie	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkaliami	luperkalie	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkalie	luperkalie	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkalie	luperkalie	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkalie	luperkalie	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
luperkalii	luperkalie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	hom.
luperkalij	luperkalie	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
luperkaliom	luperkalie	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozach	lupinoza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinoza	lupinoza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozami	lupinoza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozą	lupinoza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozę	lupinoza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozie	lupinoza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozie	lupinoza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinoz	lupinoza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozo	lupinoza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozom	lupinoza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozy	lupinoza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozy	lupinoza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozy	lupinoza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupinozy	lupinoza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupce	lupka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupce	lupka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupek	lupka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupkach	lupka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupka	lupka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupkami	lupka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupką	lupka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupkę	lupka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupki	lupka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupki	lupka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupki	lupka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupki	lupka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupko	lupka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupkom	lupka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowościach	lupowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowościami	lupowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowością	lupowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowości	lupowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowościom	lupowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowość	lupowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowość	lupowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupowa	lupowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lupową	lupowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lupową	lupowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lupowego	lupowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lupowego	lupowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lupowej	lupowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lupowej	lupowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lupowej	lupowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lupowe	lupowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lupowe	lupowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lupowe	lupowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lupowe	lupowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lupowemu	lupowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lupowi	lupowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lupowo	lupowy	adja		
lupowych	lupowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lupowych	lupowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lupowych	lupowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lupowy	lupowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lupowy	lupowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lupowymi	lupowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lupowym	lupowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lupowym	lupowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lupowym	lupowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lupulinach	lupulina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulina	lupulina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulinami	lupulina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupuliną	lupulina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulinę	lupulina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulinie	lupulina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulinie	lupulina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulin	lupulina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulino	lupulina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupulinom	lupulina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupuliny	lupulina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupuliny	lupulina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupuliny	lupulina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lupuliny	lupulina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurach	lura	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lura	lura	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurami	lura	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurą	lura	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurę	lura	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lur	lura	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luro	lura	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurom	lura	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lury	lura	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lury	lura	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lury	lura	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lury	lura	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurze	lura	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurze	lura	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksach	lureks	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksami	lureks	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksem	lureks	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksie	lureks	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksie	lureks	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureks	lureks	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureks	lureks	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksom	lureks	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowi	lureks	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksów	lureks	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksu	lureks	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksy	lureks	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksy	lureks	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksy	lureks	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowościach	lureksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowościami	lureksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowością	lureksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowości	lureksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowościom	lureksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowość	lureksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowość	lureksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lureksowa	lureksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lureksową	lureksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lureksową	lureksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lureksowego	lureksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lureksowego	lureksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lureksowej	lureksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lureksowej	lureksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lureksowej	lureksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lureksowe	lureksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lureksowe	lureksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lureksowe	lureksowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lureksowe	lureksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lureksowemu	lureksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lureksowi	lureksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lureksowo	lureksowy	adja		
lureksowych	lureksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lureksowych	lureksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lureksowych	lureksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lureksowy	lureksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lureksowy	lureksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lureksowymi	lureksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lureksowym	lureksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lureksowym	lureksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lureksowym	lureksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lureksach	lurex	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksami	lurex	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksem	lurex	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksie	lurex	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksie	lurex	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksom	lurex	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksowi	lurex	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksów	lurex	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksu	lurex	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksy	lurex	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksy	lurex	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lureksy	lurex	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lurex	lurex	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lurex	lurex	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	włók.
lurce	lurka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurce	lurka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurek	lurka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurkach	lurka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurka	lurka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurkami	lurka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurką	lurka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurkę	lurka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurki	lurka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurki	lurka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurki	lurka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurki	lurka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurko	lurka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurkom	lurka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatościach	lurowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatościami	lurowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatością	lurowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatości	lurowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatościom	lurowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatość	lurowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowatość	lurowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lurowaci	lurowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lurowata	lurowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
lurowatą	lurowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
lurowatą	lurowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
lurowatego	lurowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
lurowatego	lurowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lurowatej	lurowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
lurowatej	lurowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
lurowatej	lurowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
lurowate	lurowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lurowate	lurowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lurowate	lurowaty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lurowate	lurowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
lurowatemu	lurowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lurowato	lurowaty	adja		pot.
lurowatych	lurowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
lurowatych	lurowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lurowatych	lurowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lurowaty	lurowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
lurowaty	lurowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
lurowatymi	lurowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lurowatym	lurowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
lurowatym	lurowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lurowatym	lurowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
lusaccy	lusacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lusacka	lusacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lusacką	lusacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lusacką	lusacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lusackich	lusacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lusackich	lusacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusackich	lusacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusackiego	lusacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lusackiego	lusacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusackiej	lusacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lusackiej	lusacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lusackiej	lusacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lusackie	lusacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lusackie	lusacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lusackie	lusacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lusackie	lusacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lusackiemu	lusacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusacki	lusacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lusacki	lusacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lusackimi	lusacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusackim	lusacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusackim	lusacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusackim	lusacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusacko	lusacki	adja		
lusacku	lusacki	adjp		
lusacko	lusacko	adv:pos		
lusackościach	lusackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackościami	lusackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackością	lusackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackości	lusackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackościom	lusackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackość	lusackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusackość	lusackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijscy	lusakijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lusakijska	lusakijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lusakijską	lusakijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lusakijską	lusakijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lusakijskich	lusakijski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lusakijskich	lusakijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusakijskich	lusakijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusakijskiego	lusakijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lusakijskiego	lusakijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusakijskiej	lusakijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lusakijskiej	lusakijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lusakijskiej	lusakijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lusakijskie	lusakijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lusakijskie	lusakijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lusakijskie	lusakijski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lusakijskie	lusakijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lusakijskiemu	lusakijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusakijski	lusakijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lusakijski	lusakijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lusakijskimi	lusakijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusakijskim	lusakijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lusakijskim	lusakijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusakijskim	lusakijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lusakijsko	lusakijski	adja		
lusakijsku	lusakijski	adjp		
lusakijsko	lusakijsko	adv:pos		
lusakijskościach	lusakijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskościami	lusakijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskością	lusakijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskości	lusakijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskościom	lusakijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskość	lusakijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lusakijskość	lusakijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczek	lustereczko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczkach	lustereczko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczka	lustereczko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczka	lustereczko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczka	lustereczko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczka	lustereczko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczkami	lustereczko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczkiem	lustereczko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczko	lustereczko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczko	lustereczko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczko	lustereczko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczkom	lustereczko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczku	lustereczko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustereczku	lustereczko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzach	lusterkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzach	lusterkarz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarza	lusterkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarza	lusterkarz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarza	lusterkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarza	lusterkarz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzami	lusterkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzami	lusterkarz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarze	lusterkarz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzem	lusterkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzem	lusterkarz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarz	lusterkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarz	lusterkarz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzom	lusterkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzom	lusterkarz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzowi	lusterkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzowi	lusterkarz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzów	lusterkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzów	lusterkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzu	lusterkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzu	lusterkarz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzu	lusterkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzu	lusterkarz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lusterkarzy	lusterkarz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkarzy	lusterkarz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lusterek	lusterko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkach	lusterko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterka	lusterko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterka	lusterko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterka	lusterko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterka	lusterko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkami	lusterko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkiem	lusterko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterko	lusterko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterko	lusterko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterko	lusterko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterkom	lusterko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterku	lusterko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lusterku	lusterko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrach	lustr	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustrami	lustr	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustrem	lustr	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustr	lustr	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustr	lustr	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustrom	lustr	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowi	lustr	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustrów	lustr	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustru	lustr	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustry	lustr	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustry	lustr	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustry	lustr	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustrze	lustr	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustrze	lustr	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lustracjach	lustracja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracja	lustracja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracjami	lustracja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracją	lustracja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracje	lustracja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracje	lustracja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracje	lustracja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrację	lustracja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracji	lustracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lustracji	lustracja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracji	lustracja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracji	lustracja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracjo	lustracja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracjom	lustracja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyj	lustracja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lustracyjnościach	lustracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjnościami	lustracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjnością	lustracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjności	lustracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjnościom	lustracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjność	lustracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjność	lustracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustracyjna	lustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lustracyjną	lustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lustracyjną	lustracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lustracyjnego	lustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lustracyjnego	lustracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustracyjnej	lustracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lustracyjnej	lustracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lustracyjnej	lustracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lustracyjne	lustracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustracyjne	lustracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustracyjne	lustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lustracyjne	lustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lustracyjnemu	lustracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustracyjni	lustracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lustracyjno	lustracyjny	adja		
lustracyjnych	lustracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lustracyjnych	lustracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustracyjnych	lustracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustracyjny	lustracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lustracyjny	lustracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lustracyjnymi	lustracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustracyjnym	lustracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustracyjnym	lustracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustracyjnym	lustracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustralnościach	lustralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralnościami	lustralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralnością	lustralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralności	lustralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralnościom	lustralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralność	lustralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralność	lustralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustralna	lustralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lustralną	lustralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lustralną	lustralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lustralnego	lustralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lustralnego	lustralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustralnej	lustralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lustralnej	lustralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lustralnej	lustralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lustralne	lustralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustralne	lustralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustralne	lustralny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustralne	lustralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustralnemu	lustralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustralni	lustralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lustralno	lustralny	adja		daw.
lustralnych	lustralny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lustralnych	lustralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustralnych	lustralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustralny	lustralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lustralny	lustralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lustralnymi	lustralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustralnym	lustralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustralnym	lustralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustralnym	lustralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustratorach	lustrator	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratora	lustrator	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratora	lustrator	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorami	lustrator	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorem	lustrator	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrator	lustrator	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorom	lustrator	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorowi	lustrator	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorów	lustrator	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorów	lustrator	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratory	lustrator	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratory	lustrator	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorze	lustrator	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorze	lustrator	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorzy	lustrator	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorzy	lustrator	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustratorce	lustratorka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorce	lustratorka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorek	lustratorka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorkach	lustratorka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorka	lustratorka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorkami	lustratorka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorką	lustratorka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorkę	lustratorka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorki	lustratorka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorki	lustratorka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorki	lustratorka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorki	lustratorka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorko	lustratorka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorkom	lustratorka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorscy	lustratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lustratorska	lustratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lustratorską	lustratorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lustratorską	lustratorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lustratorskich	lustratorski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lustratorskich	lustratorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustratorskich	lustratorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustratorskiego	lustratorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lustratorskiego	lustratorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustratorskiej	lustratorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lustratorskiej	lustratorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lustratorskiej	lustratorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lustratorskie	lustratorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustratorskie	lustratorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustratorskie	lustratorski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lustratorskie	lustratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lustratorskiemu	lustratorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustratorski	lustratorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lustratorski	lustratorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lustratorskimi	lustratorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustratorskim	lustratorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustratorskim	lustratorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustratorskim	lustratorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustratorsko	lustratorski	adja		
lustratorsku	lustratorski	adjp		
lustratorsko	lustratorsko	adv:pos		
lustratorskościach	lustratorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskościami	lustratorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskością	lustratorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskości	lustratorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskościom	lustratorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskość	lustratorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustratorskość	lustratorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luster	lustro	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrach	lustro	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustra	lustro	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustra	lustro	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustra	lustro	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustra	lustro	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrami	lustro	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrem	lustro	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustro	lustro	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustro	lustro	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustro	lustro	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrom	lustro	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustru	lustro	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrze	lustro	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrować	lustrować	inf:imperf		
lustrowaliby	lustrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lustrowalibyście	lustrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lustrowalibyśmy	lustrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lustrowali	lustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lustrowali	lustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lustrowaliście	lustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lustrowaliśmy	lustrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lustrowałaby	lustrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lustrowałabym	lustrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lustrowałabyś	lustrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lustrowała	lustrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lustrowała	lustrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lustrowałam	lustrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lustrowałaś	lustrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lustrowałby	lustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lustrowałbym	lustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lustrowałbyś	lustrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lustrowałem	lustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lustrowałeś	lustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lustrował	lustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lustrował	lustrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lustrowałoby	lustrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lustrowałobym	lustrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lustrowałobyś	lustrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lustrowało	lustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lustrowało	lustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lustrowałom	lustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lustrowałoś	lustrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lustrowałyby	lustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lustrowałybyście	lustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lustrowałybyśmy	lustrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lustrowały	lustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lustrowały	lustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lustrowałyście	lustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lustrowałyśmy	lustrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lustrowana	lustrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrowaną	lustrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lustrowanego	lustrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lustrowanego	lustrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowanej	lustrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrowane	lustrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrowane	lustrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowanemu	lustrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowaniach	lustrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowania	lustrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowania	lustrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowaniami	lustrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowanie	lustrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowaniem	lustrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowani	lustrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrowaniom	lustrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowaniu	lustrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowano	lustrować	imps:imperf		
lustrowanych	lustrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrowanych	lustrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrowany	lustrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lustrowany	lustrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lustrowanymi	lustrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrowanym	lustrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrowanym	lustrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrowań	lustrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrująca	lustrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrującą	lustrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lustrującego	lustrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lustrującego	lustrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrującej	lustrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrujące	lustrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrujące	lustrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrującemu	lustrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrując	lustrować	pcon:imperf		
lustrująco	lustrować	pacta		
lustrujących	lustrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrujących	lustrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrujący	lustrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrujący	lustrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lustrujący	lustrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lustrującymi	lustrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrującym	lustrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrującym	lustrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrują	lustrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lustrujcie	lustrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lustrujecie	lustrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lustruje	lustrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lustrujemy	lustrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lustrujesz	lustrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lustruję	lustrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lustruj	lustrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lustrujmy	lustrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lustrownościach	lustrowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrownościami	lustrowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrownością	lustrowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowności	lustrowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrownościom	lustrowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowność	lustrowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowność	lustrowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustrowna	lustrowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lustrowną	lustrowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lustrowną	lustrowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lustrownego	lustrowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lustrownego	lustrowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustrownej	lustrowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lustrownej	lustrowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lustrownej	lustrowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lustrowne	lustrowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustrowne	lustrowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustrowne	lustrowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustrowne	lustrowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustrownemu	lustrowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustrowni	lustrowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lustrowno	lustrowny	adja		daw.
lustrownych	lustrowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lustrownych	lustrowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustrownych	lustrowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustrowny	lustrowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lustrowny	lustrowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lustrownymi	lustrowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustrownym	lustrowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lustrownym	lustrowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustrownym	lustrowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lustrowościach	lustrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowościami	lustrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowością	lustrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowości	lustrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowościom	lustrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowość	lustrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowość	lustrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrowa	lustrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lustrową	lustrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lustrową	lustrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lustrowego	lustrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lustrowego	lustrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrowej	lustrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lustrowej	lustrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lustrowej	lustrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lustrowe	lustrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustrowe	lustrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustrowe	lustrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lustrowe	lustrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lustrowemu	lustrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrowi	lustrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lustrowo	lustrowy	adja		
lustrowych	lustrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lustrowych	lustrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrowych	lustrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrowy	lustrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lustrowy	lustrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lustrowymi	lustrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrowym	lustrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrowym	lustrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrowym	lustrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrach	lustrum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustra	lustrum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustra	lustrum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustra	lustrum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrami	lustrum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrom	lustrum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrów	lustrum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrum	lustrum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lustrynach	lustryna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryna	lustryna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynami	lustryna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryną	lustryna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynę	lustryna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynie	lustryna	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynie	lustryna	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryn	lustryna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryno	lustryna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynom	lustryna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryny	lustryna	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryny	lustryna	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryny	lustryna	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustryny	lustryna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowościach	lustrynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowościami	lustrynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowością	lustrynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowości	lustrynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowościom	lustrynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowość	lustrynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowość	lustrynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lustrynowa	lustrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
lustrynową	lustrynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
lustrynową	lustrynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
lustrynowego	lustrynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
lustrynowego	lustrynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lustrynowej	lustrynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
lustrynowej	lustrynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
lustrynowej	lustrynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
lustrynowe	lustrynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lustrynowe	lustrynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lustrynowe	lustrynowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lustrynowe	lustrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lustrynowemu	lustrynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lustrynowi	lustrynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lustrynowo	lustrynowy	adja		przest.
lustrynowych	lustrynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lustrynowych	lustrynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lustrynowych	lustrynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lustrynowy	lustrynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
lustrynowy	lustrynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
lustrynowymi	lustrynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lustrynowym	lustrynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lustrynowym	lustrynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lustrynowym	lustrynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lustrzanie	lustrzanie	adv:pos		
lustrzance	lustrzanka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzance	lustrzanka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanek	lustrzanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankach	lustrzanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanka	lustrzanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankami	lustrzanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanką	lustrzanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankę	lustrzanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanki	lustrzanka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanki	lustrzanka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanki	lustrzanka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanki	lustrzanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanko	lustrzanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankom	lustrzanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowościach	lustrzankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowościami	lustrzankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowością	lustrzankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowości	lustrzankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowościom	lustrzankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowość	lustrzankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowość	lustrzankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzankowa	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lustrzankową	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lustrzankową	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lustrzankowego	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lustrzankowego	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzankowej	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lustrzankowej	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lustrzankowej	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lustrzankowe	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzankowe	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzankowe	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lustrzankowe	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lustrzankowemu	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzankowi	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lustrzankowo	lustrzankowy	adja		
lustrzankowych	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lustrzankowych	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzankowych	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzankowy	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lustrzankowy	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lustrzankowymi	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzankowym	lustrzankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzankowym	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzankowym	lustrzankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzanościach	lustrzaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanościami	lustrzaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanością	lustrzaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaności	lustrzaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzanościom	lustrzaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaność	lustrzaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzaność	lustrzaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lustrzana	lustrzany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lustrzaną	lustrzany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lustrzaną	lustrzany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lustrzanego	lustrzany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lustrzanego	lustrzany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzanej	lustrzany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lustrzanej	lustrzany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lustrzanej	lustrzany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lustrzane	lustrzany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzane	lustrzany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzane	lustrzany	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lustrzane	lustrzany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lustrzanemu	lustrzany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzani	lustrzany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lustrzano	lustrzany	adja		
lustrzanych	lustrzany	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lustrzanych	lustrzany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzanych	lustrzany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzany	lustrzany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lustrzany	lustrzany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lustrzanymi	lustrzany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzanym	lustrzany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lustrzanym	lustrzany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzanym	lustrzany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lustrzałaby	lustrzeć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lustrzałabym	lustrzeć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lustrzałabyś	lustrzeć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lustrzała	lustrzeć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lustrzała	lustrzeć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lustrzałam	lustrzeć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lustrzałaś	lustrzeć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lustrzałby	lustrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lustrzałbym	lustrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lustrzałbyś	lustrzeć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lustrzałem	lustrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lustrzałeś	lustrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lustrzał	lustrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lustrzał	lustrzeć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lustrzałoby	lustrzeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lustrzałobym	lustrzeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lustrzałobyś	lustrzeć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lustrzało	lustrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lustrzało	lustrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lustrzałom	lustrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lustrzałoś	lustrzeć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lustrzałyby	lustrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lustrzałybyście	lustrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lustrzałybyśmy	lustrzeć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lustrzały	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lustrzały	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lustrzałyście	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lustrzałyśmy	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lustrzano	lustrzeć	imps:imperf		
lustrzeć	lustrzeć	inf:imperf		
lustrzejąca	lustrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącą	lustrzeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącego	lustrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącego	lustrzeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącej	lustrzeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzejące	lustrzeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzejące	lustrzeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącemu	lustrzeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzejąc	lustrzeć	pcon:imperf		
lustrzejąco	lustrzeć	pacta		
lustrzejących	lustrzeć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrzejących	lustrzeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzejący	lustrzeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrzejący	lustrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lustrzejący	lustrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącymi	lustrzeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącym	lustrzeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzejącym	lustrzeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeją	lustrzeć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lustrzejcie	lustrzeć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lustrzejecie	lustrzeć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lustrzeje	lustrzeć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lustrzejemy	lustrzeć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lustrzejesz	lustrzeć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lustrzeję	lustrzeć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lustrzej	lustrzeć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lustrzejmy	lustrzeć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lustrzeliby	lustrzeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lustrzelibyście	lustrzeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lustrzelibyśmy	lustrzeć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lustrzeli	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lustrzeli	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lustrzeliście	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lustrzeliśmy	lustrzeć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lustrzeniach	lustrzeć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzenia	lustrzeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzenia	lustrzeć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniami	lustrzeć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzenie	lustrzeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniem	lustrzeć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniom	lustrzeć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniu	lustrzeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeń	lustrzeć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniach	lustrzeń	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzenia	lustrzeń	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzenia	lustrzeń	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeniami	lustrzeń	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzenie	lustrzeń	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzenie	lustrzeń	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzenie	lustrzeń	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeniem	lustrzeń	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeni	lustrzeń	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeniom	lustrzeń	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeniowi	lustrzeń	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeniu	lustrzeń	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeniu	lustrzeń	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrzeń	lustrzeń	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	ryb.
lustrząca	lustrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzącą	lustrzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzącego	lustrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lustrzącego	lustrzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzącej	lustrzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzące	lustrzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzące	lustrzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzącemu	lustrzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrząc	lustrzyć	pcon:imperf		
lustrząco	lustrzyć	pacta		
lustrzących	lustrzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrzących	lustrzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzący	lustrzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrzący	lustrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lustrzący	lustrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lustrzącymi	lustrzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzącym	lustrzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzącym	lustrzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzą	lustrzyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lustrzcie	lustrzyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lustrzeniach	lustrzyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzenia	lustrzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzenia	lustrzyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniami	lustrzyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzenie	lustrzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniem	lustrzyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeni	lustrzyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniom	lustrzyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeniu	lustrzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzeń	lustrzyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzę	lustrzyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lustrz	lustrzyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lustrzmy	lustrzyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lustrzona	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzoną	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzonego	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lustrzonego	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzonej	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lustrzone	lustrzyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzone	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzonemu	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzono	lustrzyć	imps:imperf		
lustrzonych	lustrzyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lustrzonych	lustrzyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzony	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lustrzony	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lustrzonymi	lustrzyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzonym	lustrzyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lustrzonym	lustrzyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lustrzycie	lustrzyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lustrzyć	lustrzyć	inf:imperf		
lustrzyjcie	lustrzyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lustrzyj	lustrzyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lustrzyjmy	lustrzyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lustrzyliby	lustrzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lustrzylibyście	lustrzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lustrzylibyśmy	lustrzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lustrzyli	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lustrzyli	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lustrzyliście	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lustrzyliśmy	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lustrzy	lustrzyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłaby	lustrzyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłabym	lustrzyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lustrzyłabyś	lustrzyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lustrzyła	lustrzyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lustrzyła	lustrzyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłam	lustrzyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lustrzyłaś	lustrzyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lustrzyłby	lustrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłbym	lustrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lustrzyłbyś	lustrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lustrzyłem	lustrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lustrzyłeś	lustrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lustrzył	lustrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lustrzył	lustrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłoby	lustrzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłobym	lustrzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lustrzyłobyś	lustrzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lustrzyło	lustrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lustrzyło	lustrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłom	lustrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lustrzyłoś	lustrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lustrzyłyby	lustrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłybyście	lustrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lustrzyłybyśmy	lustrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lustrzyły	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lustrzyły	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lustrzyłyście	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lustrzyłyśmy	lustrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lustrzymy	lustrzyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lustrzysz	lustrzyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lustykach	lustyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustykami	lustyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustykiem	lustyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyki	lustyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyki	lustyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyki	lustyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyk	lustyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyk	lustyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustykom	lustyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustykowi	lustyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyków	lustyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyku	lustyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyku	lustyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lustyku	lustyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luszniach	lusznia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusznia	lusznia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luszniami	lusznia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusznią	lusznia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusznie	lusznia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusznie	lusznia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusznie	lusznia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusznię	lusznia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luszni	lusznia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luszni	lusznia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luszni	lusznia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luszni	lusznia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusznio	lusznia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luszniom	lusznia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lusztykach	lusztyk	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztykami	lusztyk	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztykiem	lusztyk	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyki	lusztyk	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyki	lusztyk	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyki	lusztyk	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyk	lusztyk	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyk	lusztyk	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztykom	lusztyk	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztykowi	lusztyk	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyków	lusztyk	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyku	lusztyk	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyku	lusztyk	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lusztyku	lusztyk	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
luśniach	luśnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśnia	luśnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśniami	luśnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśnią	luśnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśnie	luśnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśnie	luśnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśnie	luśnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśnię	luśnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśni	luśnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśni	luśnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśni	luśnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśni	luśnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśnio	luśnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luśniom	luśnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lucie	lut	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lucie	lut	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutach	lut	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutami	lut	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutem	lut	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lut	lut	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lut	lut	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutom	lut	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutowi	lut	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutów	lut	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutu	lut	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luty	lut	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luty	lut	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luty	lut	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteinach	luteina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteina	luteina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteinami	luteina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteiną	luteina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteinę	luteina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteinie	luteina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteinie	luteina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutein	luteina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteino	luteina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteinom	luteina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteiny	luteina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteiny	luteina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteiny	luteina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteiny	luteina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteniek	luteńka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńce	luteńka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńce	luteńka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńkach	luteńka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńka	luteńka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńkami	luteńka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńką	luteńka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńkę	luteńka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńki	luteńka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńki	luteńka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńki	luteńka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńki	luteńka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńko	luteńka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteńkom	luteńka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropinach	luteotropina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropina	luteotropina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropinami	luteotropina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropiną	luteotropina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropinę	luteotropina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropinie	luteotropina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropinie	luteotropina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropin	luteotropina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropino	luteotropina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropinom	luteotropina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropiny	luteotropina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropiny	luteotropina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropiny	luteotropina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteotropiny	luteotropina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luter	luter	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrach	luter	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutra	luter	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutra	luter	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrami	luter	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrem	luter	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrom	luter	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowi	luter	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrów	luter	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrów	luter	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutry	luter	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutry	luter	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrze	luter	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrze	luter	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrzy	luter	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrzy	luter	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luteranach	luteranin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranami	luteranin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranie	luteranin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranie	luteranin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranina	luteranin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranina	luteranin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteraninem	luteranin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteraninie	luteranin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteraninie	luteranin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranin	luteranin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteraninowi	luteranin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranom	luteranin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranów	luteranin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luteranów	luteranin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
luterany	luteranin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luterany	luteranin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacjach	luteranizacja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacja	luteranizacja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacjami	luteranizacja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacją	luteranizacja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacje	luteranizacja	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacje	luteranizacja	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacje	luteranizacja	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizację	luteranizacja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacji	luteranizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
luteranizacji	luteranizacja	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacji	luteranizacja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacji	luteranizacja	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacjo	luteranizacja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacjom	luteranizacja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizacyj	luteranizacja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
luteranizmach	luteranizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmami	luteranizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmem	luteranizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmie	luteranizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmie	luteranizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizm	luteranizm	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizm	luteranizm	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmom	luteranizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmowi	luteranizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmów	luteranizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmu	luteranizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmy	luteranizm	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmy	luteranizm	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteranizmy	luteranizm	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luterance	luteranka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterance	luteranka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranek	luteranka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterankach	luteranka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranka	luteranka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterankami	luteranka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranką	luteranka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterankę	luteranka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranki	luteranka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranki	luteranka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranki	luteranka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranki	luteranka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luteranko	luteranka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterankom	luteranka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańscy	luterański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luterańska	luterański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luterańską	luterański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luterańską	luterański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luterańskich	luterański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luterańskich	luterański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterańskich	luterański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterańskiego	luterański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luterańskiego	luterański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luterańskiej	luterański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luterańskiej	luterański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luterańskiej	luterański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luterańskie	luterański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luterańskie	luterański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luterańskie	luterański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luterańskie	luterański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luterańskiemu	luterański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luterański	luterański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luterański	luterański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luterańskimi	luterański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterańskim	luterański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterańskim	luterański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luterańskim	luterański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luterańsko	luterański	adja		
luterańsku	luterański	adjp		
luterańsko	luterańsko	adv:pos		
luterańskościach	luterańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskościami	luterańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskością	luterańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskości	luterańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskościom	luterańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskość	luterańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterańskość	luterańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterce	luterka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterce	luterka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterek	luterka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterkach	luterka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterka	luterka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterkami	luterka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterką	luterka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterkę	luterka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterki	luterka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterki	luterka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterki	luterka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterki	luterka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterko	luterka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterkom	luterka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterscy	luterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luterska	luterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luterską	luterski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luterską	luterski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luterskich	luterski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luterskich	luterski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterskich	luterski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterskiego	luterski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luterskiego	luterski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luterskiej	luterski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luterskiej	luterski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luterskiej	luterski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luterskie	luterski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luterskie	luterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luterskie	luterski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luterskie	luterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luterskiemu	luterski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luterski	luterski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luterski	luterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luterskimi	luterski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterskim	luterski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luterskim	luterski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luterskim	luterski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutersko	luterski	adja		
lutersku	luterski	adjp		
lutersko	lutersko	adv:pos		
luterskościach	luterskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskościami	luterskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskością	luterskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskości	luterskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskościom	luterskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskość	luterskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterskość	luterskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luterstwach	luterstwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwa	luterstwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwa	luterstwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwa	luterstwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwa	luterstwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwami	luterstwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwem	luterstwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwie	luterstwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstw	luterstwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwo	luterstwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwo	luterstwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwo	luterstwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwom	luterstwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
luterstwu	luterstwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutecie	lutet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutecie	lutet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutetach	lutet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutetami	lutet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutetem	lutet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutet	lutet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutet	lutet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutetom	lutet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutetowi	lutet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutetów	lutet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutetu	lutet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutety	lutet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutety	lutet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutety	lutet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luteń	lutnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|muz.
lutniach	lutnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnia	lutnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutniami	lutnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnią	lutnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnie	lutnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnie	lutnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnie	lutnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnię	lutnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutni	lutnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.|hom.
lutni	lutnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutni	lutnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutni	lutnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnio	lutnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutniom	lutnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
lutnictwach	lutnictwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwa	lutnictwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwa	lutnictwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwa	lutnictwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwa	lutnictwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwami	lutnictwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwem	lutnictwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwie	lutnictwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictw	lutnictwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwo	lutnictwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwo	lutnictwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwo	lutnictwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwom	lutnictwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnictwu	lutnictwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczościach	lutniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczościami	lutniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczością	lutniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczości	lutniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczościom	lutniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczość	lutniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniczość	lutniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnicza	lutniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutniczą	lutniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutniczą	lutniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutniczego	lutniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutniczego	lutniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutniczej	lutniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutniczej	lutniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutniczej	lutniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutnicze	lutniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutnicze	lutniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutnicze	lutniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutnicze	lutniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutniczemu	lutniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutniczo	lutniczy	adja		
lutniczych	lutniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutniczych	lutniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniczych	lutniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniczy	lutniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutniczy	lutniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutniczy	lutniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutniczymi	lutniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniczym	lutniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniczym	lutniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutniczym	lutniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutnicy	lutnik	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnicy	lutnik	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnikach	lutnik	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnika	lutnik	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnika	lutnik	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnikami	lutnik	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnikiem	lutnik	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniki	lutnik	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lutniki	lutnik	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnik	lutnik	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnikom	lutnik	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnikowi	lutnik	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutników	lutnik	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutników	lutnik	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniku	lutnik	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniku	lutnik	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągach	lutniociąg	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągami	lutniociąg	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągiem	lutniociąg	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągi	lutniociąg	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągi	lutniociąg	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągi	lutniociąg	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociąg	lutniociąg	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociąg	lutniociąg	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągom	lutniociąg	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągowi	lutniociąg	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągów	lutniociąg	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągu	lutniociąg	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągu	lutniociąg	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniociągu	lutniociąg	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowościach	lutniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowościami	lutniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowością	lutniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowości	lutniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowościom	lutniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowość	lutniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowość	lutniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutniowa	lutniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutniową	lutniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutniową	lutniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutniowego	lutniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutniowego	lutniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutniowej	lutniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutniowej	lutniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutniowej	lutniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutniowe	lutniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutniowe	lutniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutniowe	lutniowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutniowe	lutniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutniowemu	lutniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutniowi	lutniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutniowo	lutniowy	adja		
lutniowych	lutniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutniowych	lutniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniowych	lutniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniowy	lutniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutniowy	lutniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutniowymi	lutniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniowym	lutniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutniowym	lutniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutniowym	lutniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutnistach	lutnista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnista	lutnista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistami	lutnista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistą	lutnista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistę	lutnista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnisto	lutnista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistom	lutnista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistów	lutnista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistów	lutnista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnisty	lutnista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnisty	lutnista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lutnisty	lutnista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniście	lutnista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniście	lutnista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniści	lutnista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutniści	lutnista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistce	lutnistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistce	lutnistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistek	lutnistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistkach	lutnistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistka	lutnistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistkami	lutnistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistką	lutnistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistkę	lutnistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistki	lutnistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistki	lutnistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistki	lutnistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistki	lutnistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistko	lutnistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistkom	lutnistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutnistościach	lutnistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistościami	lutnistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistością	lutnistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistości	lutnistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistościom	lutnistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistość	lutnistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnistość	lutnistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
lutnista	lutnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
lutnistą	lutnisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
lutnistą	lutnisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
lutnistego	lutnisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
lutnistego	lutnisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lutnistej	lutnisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
lutnistej	lutnisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
lutnistej	lutnisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
lutniste	lutnisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lutniste	lutnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lutniste	lutnisty	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lutniste	lutnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		daw.
lutnistemu	lutnisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lutnisto	lutnisty	adja		daw.
lutnistych	lutnisty	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
lutnistych	lutnisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lutnistych	lutnisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lutnisty	lutnisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
lutnisty	lutnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
lutnistymi	lutnisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lutnistym	lutnisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		daw.
lutnistym	lutnisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lutnistym	lutnisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		daw.
lutniści	lutnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		daw.
luto	luto	adv:pos		
lutocińscy	lutociński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutocińska	lutociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutocińską	lutociński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutocińską	lutociński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutocińskich	lutociński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutocińskich	lutociński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutocińskich	lutociński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutocińskiego	lutociński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutocińskiego	lutociński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutocińskiej	lutociński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutocińskiej	lutociński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutocińskiej	lutociński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutocińskie	lutociński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutocińskie	lutociński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutocińskie	lutociński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutocińskie	lutociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutocińskiemu	lutociński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutociński	lutociński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutociński	lutociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutocińskimi	lutociński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutocińskim	lutociński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutocińskim	lutociński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutocińskim	lutociński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutocińsko	lutociński	adja		
lutocińsku	lutociński	adjp		
lutocińsko	lutocińsko	adv:pos		
lutocińskościach	lutocińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskościami	lutocińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskością	lutocińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskości	lutocińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskościom	lutocińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskość	lutocińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutocińskość	lutocińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierscy	lutomierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutomierska	lutomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutomierską	lutomierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutomierską	lutomierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutomierskich	lutomierski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutomierskich	lutomierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutomierskich	lutomierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutomierskiego	lutomierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutomierskiego	lutomierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutomierskiej	lutomierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutomierskiej	lutomierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutomierskiej	lutomierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutomierskie	lutomierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutomierskie	lutomierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutomierskie	lutomierski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutomierskie	lutomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutomierskiemu	lutomierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutomierski	lutomierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutomierski	lutomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutomierskimi	lutomierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutomierskim	lutomierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutomierskim	lutomierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutomierskim	lutomierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutomiersko	lutomierski	adja		
lutomiersku	lutomierski	adjp		
lutomiersko	lutomiersko	adv:pos		
lutomierskościach	lutomierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskościami	lutomierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskością	lutomierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskości	lutomierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskościom	lutomierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskość	lutomierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutomierskość	lutomierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawaniach	lutospawanie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawania	lutospawanie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawania	lutospawanie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawania	lutospawanie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawania	lutospawanie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawaniami	lutospawanie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawanie	lutospawanie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawanie	lutospawanie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawanie	lutospawanie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawaniem	lutospawanie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawaniom	lutospawanie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawaniu	lutospawanie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawaniu	lutospawanie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutospawań	lutospawanie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutościach	lutość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutościami	lutość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutością	lutość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutości	lutość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutościom	lutość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutość	lutość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutość	lutość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczach	lutowacz	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowacza	lutowacz	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowacza	lutowacz	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczami	lutowacz	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowacze	lutowacz	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowacze	lutowacz	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowacze	lutowacz	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowacze	lutowacz	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczem	lutowacz	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowacz	lutowacz	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczom	lutowacz	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczowi	lutowacz	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczów	lutowacz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczów	lutowacz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczu	lutowacz	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczu	lutowacz	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczy	lutowacz	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutowaczy	lutowacz	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lutować	lutować	inf:imperf		
lutowaliby	lutować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lutowalibyście	lutować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lutowalibyśmy	lutować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lutowali	lutować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lutowali	lutować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lutowaliście	lutować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lutowaliśmy	lutować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lutowałaby	lutować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lutowałabym	lutować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lutowałabyś	lutować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lutowała	lutować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lutowała	lutować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lutowałam	lutować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lutowałaś	lutować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lutowałby	lutować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lutowałbym	lutować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lutowałbyś	lutować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lutowałem	lutować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lutowałeś	lutować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lutował	lutować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lutował	lutować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lutowałoby	lutować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lutowałobym	lutować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lutowałobyś	lutować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lutowało	lutować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lutowało	lutować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lutowałom	lutować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lutowałoś	lutować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lutowałyby	lutować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lutowałybyście	lutować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lutowałybyśmy	lutować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lutowały	lutować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lutowały	lutować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lutowałyście	lutować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lutowałyśmy	lutować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lutowana	lutować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lutowaną	lutować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lutowanego	lutować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lutowanego	lutować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutowanej	lutować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lutowane	lutować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutowane	lutować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutowanemu	lutować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutowaniach	lutować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowania	lutować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowania	lutować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowaniami	lutować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowanie	lutować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowaniem	lutować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowani	lutować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutowaniom	lutować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowaniu	lutować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutowano	lutować	imps:imperf		
lutowanych	lutować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutowanych	lutować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutowany	lutować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lutowany	lutować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lutowanymi	lutować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutowanym	lutować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutowanym	lutować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutowań	lutować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lutująca	lutować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lutującą	lutować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lutującego	lutować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lutującego	lutować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutującej	lutować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lutujące	lutować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutujące	lutować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutującemu	lutować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutując	lutować	pcon:imperf		
lutująco	lutować	pacta		
lutujących	lutować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutujących	lutować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutujący	lutować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutujący	lutować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lutujący	lutować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lutującymi	lutować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutującym	lutować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutującym	lutować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutują	lutować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lutujcie	lutować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lutujecie	lutować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lutuje	lutować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lutujemy	lutować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lutujesz	lutować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lutuję	lutować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lutuj	lutować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lutujmy	lutować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lutowiach	lutowie	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowia	lutowie	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowia	lutowie	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowia	lutowie	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowia	lutowie	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiami	lutowie	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowie	lutowie	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowie	lutowie	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowie	lutowie	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiem	lutowie	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowi	lutowie	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiom	lutowie	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiu	lutowie	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiu	lutowie	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutowinach	lutowina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowina	lutowina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowinami	lutowina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiną	lutowina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowinę	lutowina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowinie	lutowina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowinie	lutowina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowin	lutowina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowino	lutowina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowinom	lutowina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiny	lutowina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiny	lutowina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiny	lutowina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiny	lutowina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiscy	lutowiski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutowiska	lutowiski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutowiską	lutowiski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutowiską	lutowiski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutowiskich	lutowiski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutowiskich	lutowiski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowiskich	lutowiski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowiskiego	lutowiski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutowiskiego	lutowiski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowiskiej	lutowiski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutowiskiej	lutowiski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutowiskiej	lutowiski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutowiskie	lutowiski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutowiskie	lutowiski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutowiskie	lutowiski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutowiskie	lutowiski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutowiskiemu	lutowiski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowiski	lutowiski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutowiski	lutowiski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutowiskimi	lutowiski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowiskim	lutowiski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowiskim	lutowiski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowiskim	lutowiski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowisko	lutowiski	adja		
lutowisku	lutowiski	adjp		
lutowisko	lutowisko	adv:pos		
lutowiskościach	lutowiskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskościami	lutowiskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskością	lutowiskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskości	lutowiskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskościom	lutowiskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskość	lutowiskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowiskość	lutowiskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicach	lutownica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownica	lutownica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicami	lutownica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicą	lutownica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownice	lutownica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownice	lutownica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownice	lutownica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicę	lutownica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownic	lutownica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownico	lutownica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicom	lutownica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicy	lutownica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicy	lutownica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicy	lutownica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczościach	lutowniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczościami	lutowniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczością	lutowniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczości	lutowniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczościom	lutowniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczość	lutowniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowniczość	lutowniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownicza	lutowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutowniczą	lutowniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutowniczą	lutowniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutowniczego	lutowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutowniczego	lutowniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowniczej	lutowniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutowniczej	lutowniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutowniczej	lutowniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutownicze	lutowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutownicze	lutowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutownicze	lutowniczy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutownicze	lutowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutowniczemu	lutowniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowniczo	lutowniczy	adja		
lutowniczych	lutowniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutowniczych	lutowniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowniczych	lutowniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowniczy	lutowniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutowniczy	lutowniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutowniczy	lutowniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutowniczymi	lutowniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowniczym	lutowniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowniczym	lutowniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowniczym	lutowniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutownicy	lutownik:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownicy	lutownik:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikach	lutownik:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownika	lutownik:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownika	lutownik:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikami	lutownik:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikiem	lutownik:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniki	lutownik:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniki	lutownik:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownik	lutownik:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikom	lutownik:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikowi	lutownik:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowników	lutownik:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowników	lutownik:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniku	lutownik:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniku	lutownik:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikach	lutownik:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownika	lutownik:s2	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikami	lutownik:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikiem	lutownik:s2	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniki	lutownik:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniki	lutownik:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniki	lutownik:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownik	lutownik:s2	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownik	lutownik:s2	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikom	lutownik:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownikowi	lutownik:s2	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowników	lutownik:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniku	lutownik:s2	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutowniku	lutownik:s2	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	techn.
lutownościach	lutowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownościami	lutowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownością	lutowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowności	lutowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutownościom	lutowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowność	lutowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowność	lutowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowna	lutowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutowną	lutowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutowną	lutowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutownego	lutowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutownego	lutowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutownej	lutowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutownej	lutowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutownej	lutowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutowne	lutowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutowne	lutowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutowne	lutowny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutowne	lutowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutownemu	lutowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowni	lutowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutowno	lutowny	adja		
lutownych	lutowny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutownych	lutowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutownych	lutowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowny	lutowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutowny	lutowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutownymi	lutowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutownym	lutowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutownym	lutowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutownym	lutowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowościach	lutowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowościami	lutowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowością	lutowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowości	lutowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowościom	lutowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowość	lutowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowość	lutowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutowa	lutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutową	lutowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutową	lutowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutowego	lutowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutowego	lutowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowej	lutowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutowej	lutowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutowej	lutowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lutowe	lutowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutowe	lutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lutowe	lutowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lutowe	lutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutowemu	lutowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowi	lutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lutowo	lutowy	adja		
lutowych	lutowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutowych	lutowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowych	lutowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowy	lutowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lutowy	lutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutowymi	lutowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowym	lutowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutowym	lutowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutowym	lutowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutówce	lutówka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówce	lutówka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówek	lutówka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówkach	lutówka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówka	lutówka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówkami	lutówka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówką	lutówka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówkę	lutówka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówki	lutówka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówki	lutówka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówki	lutówka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówki	lutówka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówko	lutówka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutówkom	lutówka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lutrować	lutrować	inf:imperf		daw.
lutrowaliby	lutrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowalibyście	lutrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowalibyśmy	lutrować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowali	lutrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lutrowali	lutrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowaliście	lutrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowaliśmy	lutrować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowałaby	lutrować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałabym	lutrować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowałabyś	lutrować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowała	lutrować	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lutrowała	lutrować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałam	lutrować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowałaś	lutrować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowałby	lutrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałbym	lutrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowałbyś	lutrować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowałem	lutrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowałeś	lutrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrował	lutrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lutrował	lutrować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałoby	lutrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałobym	lutrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowałobyś	lutrować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowało	lutrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lutrowało	lutrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałom	lutrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowałoś	lutrować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowałyby	lutrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałybyście	lutrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowałybyśmy	lutrować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowały	lutrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lutrowały	lutrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrowałyście	lutrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrowałyśmy	lutrować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowana	lutrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrowaną	lutrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lutrowanego	lutrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lutrowanego	lutrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowanej	lutrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrowane	lutrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrowane	lutrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowanemu	lutrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowaniach	lutrować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowania	lutrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowania	lutrować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowaniami	lutrować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowanie	lutrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowaniem	lutrować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowani	lutrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrowaniom	lutrować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowaniu	lutrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowano	lutrować	imps:imperf		daw.
lutrowanych	lutrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrowanych	lutrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrowany	lutrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lutrowany	lutrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lutrowanymi	lutrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrowanym	lutrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrowanym	lutrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrowań	lutrować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrująca	lutrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrującą	lutrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lutrującego	lutrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lutrującego	lutrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrującej	lutrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrujące	lutrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrujące	lutrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrującemu	lutrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrując	lutrować	pcon:imperf		daw.
lutrująco	lutrować	pacta		
lutrujących	lutrować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrujących	lutrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrujący	lutrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrujący	lutrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lutrujący	lutrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lutrującymi	lutrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrującym	lutrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrującym	lutrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrują	lutrować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrujcie	lutrować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrujecie	lutrować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lutruje	lutrować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrujemy	lutrować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrujesz	lutrować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lutruję	lutrować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lutruj	lutrować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrujmy	lutrować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrowościach	lutrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowościami	lutrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowością	lutrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowości	lutrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowościom	lutrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowość	lutrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowość	lutrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lutrowa	lutrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
lutrową	lutrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
lutrową	lutrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
lutrowego	lutrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
lutrowego	lutrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lutrowej	lutrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
lutrowej	lutrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
lutrowej	lutrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
lutrowe	lutrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lutrowe	lutrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lutrowe	lutrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lutrowe	lutrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lutrowemu	lutrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lutrowi	lutrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lutrowo	lutrowy	adja		przest.
lutrowych	lutrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lutrowych	lutrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lutrowych	lutrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lutrowy	lutrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
lutrowy	lutrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
lutrowymi	lutrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lutrowym	lutrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lutrowym	lutrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lutrowym	lutrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lutrach	lutry	subst:pl:loc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lutrami	lutry	subst:pl:inst:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lutrom	lutry	subst:pl:dat:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lutrów	lutry	subst:pl:gen:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lutry	lutry	subst:pl:acc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lutry	lutry	subst:pl:nom:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lutry	lutry	subst:pl:voc:p3	nazwa pospolita	
lutrząca	lutrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrzącą	lutrzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lutrzącego	lutrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lutrzącego	lutrzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzącej	lutrzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrzące	lutrzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzące	lutrzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzącemu	lutrzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrząc	lutrzyć	pcon:imperf		daw.
lutrząco	lutrzyć	pacta		
lutrzących	lutrzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrzących	lutrzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzący	lutrzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrzący	lutrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lutrzący	lutrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lutrzącymi	lutrzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzącym	lutrzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzącym	lutrzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzą	lutrzyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzcie	lutrzyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzeniach	lutrzyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzenia	lutrzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzenia	lutrzyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzeniami	lutrzyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzenie	lutrzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzeniem	lutrzyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzeni	lutrzyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrzeniom	lutrzyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzeniu	lutrzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzeń	lutrzyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzę	lutrzyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrz	lutrzyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzmy	lutrzyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzona	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrzoną	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lutrzonego	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lutrzonego	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzonej	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lutrzone	lutrzyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzone	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzonemu	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzono	lutrzyć	imps:imperf		daw.
lutrzonych	lutrzyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lutrzonych	lutrzyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzony	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lutrzony	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lutrzonymi	lutrzyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzonym	lutrzyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lutrzonym	lutrzyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lutrzycie	lutrzyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyć	lutrzyć	inf:imperf		daw.
lutrzyjcie	lutrzyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyj	lutrzyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyjmy	lutrzyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyliby	lutrzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzylibyście	lutrzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzylibyśmy	lutrzyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyli	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		daw.
lutrzyli	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyliście	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyliśmy	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzy	lutrzyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłaby	lutrzyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłabym	lutrzyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłabyś	lutrzyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyła	lutrzyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		daw.
lutrzyła	lutrzyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłam	lutrzyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłaś	lutrzyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłby	lutrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłbym	lutrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłbyś	lutrzyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłem	lutrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłeś	lutrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzył	lutrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		daw.
lutrzył	lutrzyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłoby	lutrzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłobym	lutrzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłobyś	lutrzyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyło	lutrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		daw.
lutrzyło	lutrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłom	lutrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłoś	lutrzyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłyby	lutrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłybyście	lutrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłybyśmy	lutrzyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzyły	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		daw.
lutrzyły	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłyście	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyłyśmy	lutrzyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzymy	lutrzyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		daw.
lutrzysz	lutrzyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		daw.
lutrzyskach	lutrzysko	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyskach	lutrzysko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyska	lutrzysko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzyskami	lutrzysko	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyskami	lutrzysko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzyskiem	lutrzysko	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyskiem	lutrzysko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzysk	lutrzysko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzysko	lutrzysko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzysko	lutrzysko	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzysko	lutrzysko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzysko	lutrzysko	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzysko	lutrzysko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzyskom	lutrzysko	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzyskom	lutrzysko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzysków	lutrzysko	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzysków	lutrzysko	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzysku	lutrzysko	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzysku	lutrzysko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutrzysku	lutrzysko	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
lutrzysku	lutrzysko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lutunek	lutunek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunek	lutunek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunkach	lutunek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunkami	lutunek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunkiem	lutunek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunki	lutunek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunki	lutunek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunki	lutunek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunkom	lutunek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunkowi	lutunek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunków	lutunek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunku	lutunek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunku	lutunek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutunku	lutunek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lututowscy	lututowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lututowska	lututowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lututowską	lututowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lututowską	lututowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lututowskich	lututowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lututowskich	lututowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lututowskich	lututowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lututowskiego	lututowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lututowskiego	lututowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lututowskiej	lututowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lututowskiej	lututowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lututowskiej	lututowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lututowskie	lututowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lututowskie	lututowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lututowskie	lututowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lututowskie	lututowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lututowskiemu	lututowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lututowski	lututowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lututowski	lututowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lututowskimi	lututowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lututowskim	lututowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lututowskim	lututowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lututowskim	lututowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lututowsko	lututowski	adja		
lututowsku	lututowski	adjp		
lututowsko	lututowsko	adv:pos		
lututowskościach	lututowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskościami	lututowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskością	lututowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskości	lututowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskościom	lututowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskość	lututowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lututowskość	lututowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luci	luty:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luta	luty:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lutą	luty:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lutą	luty:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lutego	luty:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lutego	luty:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutej	luty:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lutej	luty:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lutej	luty:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lute	luty:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lute	luty:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lute	luty:a	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lute	luty:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lutemu	luty:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luto	luty:a	adja		
lutych	luty:a	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lutych	luty:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutych	luty:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luty	luty:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luty	luty:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lutymi	luty:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutym	luty:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lutym	luty:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutym	luty:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lutego	luty:s	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lute	luty:s	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lute	luty:s	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lute	luty:s	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutemu	luty:s	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutych	luty:s	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutych	luty:s	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luty	luty:s	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luty	luty:s	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luty	luty:s	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutymi	luty:s	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutym	luty:s	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutym	luty:s	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutym	luty:s	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lutzach	lutz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutza	lutz	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutza	lutz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutzami	lutz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutze	lutz	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutze	lutz	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutze	lutz	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutzem	lutz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutz	lutz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutzom	lutz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutzowi	lutz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutzów	lutz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutzu	lutz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
lutzu	lutz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	sport.
luwersach	luwers	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersami	luwers	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersem	luwers	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersie	luwers	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersie	luwers	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwers	luwers	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwers	luwers	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersom	luwers	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersowi	luwers	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersów	luwers	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersu	luwers	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersy	luwers	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersy	luwers	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luwersy	luwers	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luksach	lux	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksami	lux	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksem	lux	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksie	lux	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksie	lux	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksom	lux	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksowi	lux	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksów	lux	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksu	lux	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksy	lux	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksy	lux	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luksy	lux	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
lux	lux	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
lux	lux	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	fiz.
luxferach	luxfer	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxfera	luxfer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferami	luxfer	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferem	luxfer	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxfer	luxfer	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxfer	luxfer	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferom	luxfer	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferowi	luxfer	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferów	luxfer	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferu	luxfer	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxfery	luxfer	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxfery	luxfer	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxfery	luxfer	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferze	luxfer	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luxferze	luxfer	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzach	luz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzami	luz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzem	luz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzie	luz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzie	luz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luz	luz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luz	luz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzom	luz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzowi	luz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzów	luz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzu	luz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzy	luz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzy	luz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzy	luz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzach	luza	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luza	luza	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzami	luza	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzą	luza	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzę	luza	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzie	luza	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzie	luza	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luz	luza	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzo	luza	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzom	luza	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzy	luza	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzy	luza	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzy	luza	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzy	luza	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	gwar.
luzaccy	luzacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
luzacka	luzacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		pot.
luzacką	luzacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		pot.
luzacką	luzacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		pot.
luzackich	luzacki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		pot.
luzackich	luzacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
luzackich	luzacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
luzackiego	luzacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		pot.
luzackiego	luzacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
luzackiej	luzacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		pot.
luzackiej	luzacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		pot.
luzackiej	luzacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		pot.
luzackie	luzacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
luzackie	luzacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		pot.
luzackie	luzacki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
luzackie	luzacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		pot.
luzackiemu	luzacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
luzacki	luzacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		pot.
luzacki	luzacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		pot.
luzackimi	luzacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
luzackim	luzacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		pot.
luzackim	luzacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
luzackim	luzacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		pot.
luzacko	luzacki	adja		pot.
luzacku	luzacki	adjp		pot.
luzacko	luzacko	adv:pos		
luzackościach	luzackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackościami	luzackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackością	luzackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackości	luzackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackościom	luzackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackość	luzackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzackość	luzackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwach	luzactwo	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwa	luzactwo	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwa	luzactwo	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwa	luzactwo	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwa	luzactwo	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwami	luzactwo	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwem	luzactwo	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwie	luzactwo	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactw	luzactwo	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwo	luzactwo	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwo	luzactwo	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwo	luzactwo	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwom	luzactwo	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzactwu	luzactwo	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaczce	luzaczka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczce	luzaczka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczek	luzaczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczkach	luzaczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczka	luzaczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczkami	luzaczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczką	luzaczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczkę	luzaczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczki	luzaczka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczki	luzaczka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczki	luzaczka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczki	luzaczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczko	luzaczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaczkom	luzaczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzacy	luzak:s1	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzacy	luzak:s1	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzakach	luzak:s1	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaka	luzak:s1	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaka	luzak:s1	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzakami	luzak:s1	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzakiem	luzak:s1	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaki	luzak:s1	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaki	luzak:s1	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzak	luzak:s1	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzakom	luzak:s1	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzakowi	luzak:s1	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaków	luzak:s1	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaków	luzak:s1	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaku	luzak:s1	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzaku	luzak:s1	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzakach	luzak:s2	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaka	luzak:s2	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaka	luzak:s2	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzakami	luzak:s2	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzakiem	luzak:s2	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaki	luzak:s2	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaki	luzak:s2	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaki	luzak:s2	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzak	luzak:s2	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzakom	luzak:s2	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzakowi	luzak:s2	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaków	luzak:s2	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaku	luzak:s2	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzaku	luzak:s2	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
luzacy	luzak:s3	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzacy	luzak:s3	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzakach	luzak:s3	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaka	luzak:s3	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaka	luzak:s3	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzakami	luzak:s3	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzakiem	luzak:s3	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaki	luzak:s3	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaki	luzak:s3	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzak	luzak:s3	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzakom	luzak:s3	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzakowi	luzak:s3	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaków	luzak:s3	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaków	luzak:s3	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaku	luzak:s3	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzaku	luzak:s3	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	hist.
luzikach	luzik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzikami	luzik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzikiem	luzik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luziki	luzik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luziki	luzik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luziki	luzik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzik	luzik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzik	luzik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzikom	luzik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzikowi	luzik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzików	luzik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luziku	luzik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luziku	luzik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luziku	luzik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	pot.
luzińscy	luziński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luzińska	luziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luzińską	luziński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luzińską	luziński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luzińskich	luziński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luzińskich	luziński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luzińskich	luziński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luzińskiego	luziński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luzińskiego	luziński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luzińskiej	luziński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luzińskiej	luziński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luzińskiej	luziński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luzińskie	luziński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luzińskie	luziński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luzińskie	luziński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luzińskie	luziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luzińskiemu	luziński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luziński	luziński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luziński	luziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luzińskimi	luziński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luzińskim	luziński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luzińskim	luziński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luzińskim	luziński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luzińsko	luziński	adja		
luzińsku	luziński	adjp		
luzińsko	luzińsko	adv:pos		
luzińskościach	luzińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskościami	luzińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskością	luzińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskości	luzińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskościom	luzińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskość	luzińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzińskość	luzińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luzować	luzować	inf:imperf		
luzowaliby	luzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
luzowalibyście	luzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
luzowalibyśmy	luzować	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
luzowali	luzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
luzowali	luzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
luzowaliście	luzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
luzowaliśmy	luzować	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
luzowałaby	luzować	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
luzowałabym	luzować	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
luzowałabyś	luzować	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
luzowała	luzować	praet:sg:f:imperf		
luzowała	luzować	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
luzowałam	luzować	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
luzowałaś	luzować	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
luzowałby	luzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
luzowałbym	luzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
luzowałbyś	luzować	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
luzowałem	luzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
luzowałeś	luzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
luzował	luzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
luzował	luzować	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
luzowałoby	luzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
luzowałobym	luzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
luzowałobyś	luzować	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
luzowało	luzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
luzowało	luzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
luzowałom	luzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
luzowałoś	luzować	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
luzowałyby	luzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
luzowałybyście	luzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
luzowałybyśmy	luzować	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
luzowały	luzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
luzowały	luzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
luzowałyście	luzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
luzowałyśmy	luzować	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
luzowana	luzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
luzowaną	luzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
luzowanego	luzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
luzowanego	luzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzowanej	luzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
luzowane	luzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzowane	luzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzowanemu	luzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzowaniach	luzować	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowania	luzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowania	luzować	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowaniami	luzować	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowanie	luzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowaniem	luzować	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowani	luzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luzowaniom	luzować	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowaniu	luzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
luzowano	luzować	imps:imperf		
luzowanych	luzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luzowanych	luzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzowany	luzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
luzowany	luzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
luzowanymi	luzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzowanym	luzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzowanym	luzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzowań	luzować	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
luzująca	luzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
luzującą	luzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
luzującego	luzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
luzującego	luzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzującej	luzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
luzujące	luzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzujące	luzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzującemu	luzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzując	luzować	pcon:imperf		
luzująco	luzować	pacta		
luzujących	luzować	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luzujących	luzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzujący	luzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
luzujący	luzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
luzujący	luzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
luzującymi	luzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzującym	luzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
luzującym	luzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
luzują	luzować	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
luzujcie	luzować	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
luzujecie	luzować	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
luzuje	luzować	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
luzujemy	luzować	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
luzujesz	luzować	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
luzuję	luzować	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
luzuj	luzować	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
luzujmy	luzować	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
luzownikach	luzownik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzownika	luzownik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzownikami	luzownik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzownikiem	luzownik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzowniki	luzownik	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzowniki	luzownik	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzowniki	luzownik	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzownik	luzownik	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzownik	luzownik	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzownikom	luzownik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzownikowi	luzownik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzowników	luzownik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzowniku	luzownik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luzowniku	luzownik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
luźniej	luźnie	adv:com		
luźnie	luźnie	adv:pos		
luźniej	luźno	adv:com		
luźno	luźno	adv:pos		
luźnokępkowościach	luźnokępkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowościami	luźnokępkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowością	luźnokępkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowości	luźnokępkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowościom	luźnokępkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowość	luźnokępkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowość	luźnokępkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnokępkowa	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luźnokępkową	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luźnokępkową	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luźnokępkowego	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luźnokępkowego	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luźnokępkowej	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luźnokępkowej	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luźnokępkowej	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luźnokępkowe	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luźnokępkowe	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luźnokępkowe	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luźnokępkowe	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luźnokępkowemu	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luźnokępkowi	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luźnokępkowo	luźnokępkowy	adja		
luźnokępkowych	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luźnokępkowych	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźnokępkowych	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźnokępkowy	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luźnokępkowy	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luźnokępkowymi	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźnokępkowym	luźnokępkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźnokępkowym	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luźnokępkowym	luźnokępkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luźnościach	luźność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnościami	luźność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnością	luźność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźności	luźność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźnościom	luźność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźność	luźność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźność	luźność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
luźna	luźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
luźną	luźny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
luźną	luźny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
luźnego	luźny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
luźnego	luźny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luźnej	luźny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
luźnej	luźny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
luźnej	luźny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
luźne	luźny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luźne	luźny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
luźne	luźny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
luźne	luźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
luźnemu	luźny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luźniejsi	luźny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:com		
luźniejsza	luźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:com		
luźniejszą	luźny	adj:sg:acc:f:com		
luźniejszą	luźny	adj:sg:inst:f:com		
luźniejszego	luźny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:com		
luźniejszego	luźny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
luźniejszej	luźny	adj:sg:dat:f:com		
luźniejszej	luźny	adj:sg:gen:f:com		
luźniejszej	luźny	adj:sg:loc:f:com		
luźniejsze	luźny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
luźniejsze	luźny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:com		
luźniejsze	luźny	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:com		
luźniejsze	luźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:com		
luźniejszemu	luźny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
luźniejszych	luźny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:com		
luźniejszych	luźny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
luźniejszych	luźny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
luźniejszy	luźny	adj:sg:acc:m3:com		
luźniejszy	luźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:com		
luźniejszymi	luźny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
luźniejszym	luźny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:com		
luźniejszym	luźny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
luźniejszym	luźny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:com		
luźni	luźny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
luźno	luźny	adja		
luźnych	luźny	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
luźnych	luźny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźnych	luźny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźny	luźny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
luźny	luźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
luźnymi	luźny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźnym	luźny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
luźnym	luźny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
luźnym	luźny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwia	lwi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lwią	lwi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lwią	lwi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lwich	lwi	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lwich	lwi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwich	lwi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwiego	lwi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lwiego	lwi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwiej	lwi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lwiej	lwi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lwiej	lwi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lwie	lwi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lwie	lwi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lwie	lwi	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lwie	lwi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lwiemu	lwi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwi	lwi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lwi	lwi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lwi	lwi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lwimi	lwi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwim	lwi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwim	lwi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwim	lwi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwio	lwi	adja		
lwiarniach	lwiarnia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarnia	lwiarnia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarniami	lwiarnia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarnią	lwiarnia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarnie	lwiarnia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarnie	lwiarnia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarnie	lwiarnia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarnię	lwiarnia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarni	lwiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lwiarni	lwiarnia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarni	lwiarnia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarni	lwiarnia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarnio	lwiarnia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarniom	lwiarnia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiarń	lwiarnia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
lwiatce	lwiatka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatce	lwiatka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatek	lwiatka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatkach	lwiatka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatka	lwiatka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatkami	lwiatka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatką	lwiatka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatkę	lwiatka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatki	lwiatka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatki	lwiatka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatki	lwiatka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatki	lwiatka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatko	lwiatka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiatkom	lwiatka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątek	lwiątko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątkach	lwiątko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątka	lwiątko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątka	lwiątko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątka	lwiątko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątka	lwiątko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątkami	lwiątko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątkiem	lwiątko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątko	lwiątko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątko	lwiątko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątko	lwiątko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątkom	lwiątko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątku	lwiątko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiątku	lwiątko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwicach	lwica	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwica	lwica	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwicami	lwica	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwicą	lwica	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwice	lwica	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwice	lwica	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwice	lwica	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwicę	lwica	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwic	lwica	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwico	lwica	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwicom	lwica	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwicy	lwica	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwicy	lwica	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwicy	lwica	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiąt	lwię	subst:pl:gen:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwięcia	lwię	subst:sg:gen:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwięciem	lwię	subst:sg:inst:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwięciu	lwię	subst:sg:dat:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwięciu	lwię	subst:sg:loc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwię	lwię	subst:sg:acc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwię	lwię	subst:sg:nom:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwię	lwię	subst:sg:voc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwiętach	lwię	subst:pl:loc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwięta	lwię	subst:pl:acc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwięta	lwię	subst:pl:nom:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwięta	lwię	subst:pl:voc:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwiętami	lwię	subst:pl:inst:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwiętom	lwię	subst:pl:dat:n1	nazwa pospolita	
lwio	lwio	adv:pos		rzad.
lwiościach	lwiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiościami	lwiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiością	lwiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiości	lwiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiościom	lwiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiość	lwiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwiość	lwiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczek	lwipyszczek	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczek	lwipyszczek	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczkach	lwipyszczek	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczka	lwipyszczek	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczkami	lwipyszczek	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczkiem	lwipyszczek	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczki	lwipyszczek	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczki	lwipyszczek	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczki	lwipyszczek	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczkom	lwipyszczek	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczkowi	lwipyszczek	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczków	lwipyszczek	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczku	lwipyszczek	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwipyszczku	lwipyszczek	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lwiskach	lwisko	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiska	lwisko	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiska	lwisko	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiska	lwisko	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiska	lwisko	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiskami	lwisko	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiskiem	lwisko	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwisk	lwisko	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwisko	lwisko	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwisko	lwisko	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwisko	lwisko	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwiskom	lwisko	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwisku	lwisko	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwisku	lwisko	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiacy	lwowiak	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiacy	lwowiak	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiakach	lwowiak	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaka	lwowiak	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaka	lwowiak	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiakami	lwowiak	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiakiem	lwowiak	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaki	lwowiak	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaki	lwowiak	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiak	lwowiak	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiakom	lwowiak	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiakowi	lwowiak	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaków	lwowiak	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaków	lwowiak	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaku	lwowiak	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiaku	lwowiak	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianach	lwowianin	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianami	lwowianin	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianie	lwowianin	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianie	lwowianin	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianina	lwowianin	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianina	lwowianin	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianinem	lwowianin	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianinie	lwowianin	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianinie	lwowianin	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianin	lwowianin	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianinowi	lwowianin	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowian	lwowianin	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowian	lwowianin	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowianom	lwowianin	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiany	lwowianin	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lwowiany	lwowianin	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
lwowscy	lwowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lwowska	lwowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lwowską	lwowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lwowską	lwowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lwowskich	lwowski	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lwowskich	lwowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwowskich	lwowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwowskiego	lwowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lwowskiego	lwowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwowskiej	lwowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lwowskiej	lwowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lwowskiej	lwowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lwowskie	lwowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lwowskie	lwowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lwowskie	lwowski	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lwowskie	lwowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lwowskiemu	lwowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwowski	lwowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lwowski	lwowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lwowskimi	lwowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwowskim	lwowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwowskim	lwowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwowskim	lwowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwowsko	lwowski	adja		
lwowsku	lwowski	adjp		
lwowsko	lwowsko	adv:pos		
lwowskościach	lwowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskościami	lwowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskością	lwowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskości	lwowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskościom	lwowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskość	lwowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwowskość	lwowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lwóweccy	lwówecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lwówecka	lwówecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lwówecką	lwówecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lwówecką	lwówecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lwóweckich	lwówecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lwóweckich	lwówecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwóweckich	lwówecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwóweckiego	lwówecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lwóweckiego	lwówecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwóweckiej	lwówecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lwóweckiej	lwówecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lwóweckiej	lwówecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lwóweckie	lwówecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lwóweckie	lwówecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lwóweckie	lwówecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lwóweckie	lwówecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lwóweckiemu	lwówecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwówecki	lwówecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lwówecki	lwówecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lwóweckimi	lwówecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwóweckim	lwówecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lwóweckim	lwówecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwóweckim	lwówecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lwówecko	lwówecki	adja		
lwówecku	lwówecki	adjp		
lwówecko	lwówecko	adv:pos		
lwóweckościach	lwóweckość	subst:pl:loc:f		
lwóweckościami	lwóweckość	subst:pl:inst:f		
lwóweckością	lwóweckość	subst:sg:inst:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:pl:acc:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:pl:gen:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:pl:nom:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:pl:voc:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:sg:dat:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:sg:gen:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:sg:loc:f		
lwóweckości	lwóweckość	subst:sg:voc:f		
lwóweckościom	lwóweckość	subst:pl:dat:f		
lwóweckość	lwóweckość	subst:sg:acc:f		
lwóweckość	lwóweckość	subst:sg:nom:f		
lycrach	lycra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycra	lycra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycrami	lycra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycrą	lycra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycrę	lycra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycr	lycra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycro	lycra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycrom	lycra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycry	lycra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycry	lycra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycry	lycra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycry	lycra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycrze	lycra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycrze	lycra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lycrowa	lycrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lycrową	lycrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lycrową	lycrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lycrowego	lycrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lycrowego	lycrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lycrowej	lycrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lycrowej	lycrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lycrowej	lycrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lycrowe	lycrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lycrowe	lycrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lycrowe	lycrowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lycrowe	lycrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lycrowemu	lycrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lycrowi	lycrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lycrowo	lycrowy	adja		
lycrowych	lycrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lycrowych	lycrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lycrowych	lycrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lycrowy	lycrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lycrowy	lycrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lycrowymi	lycrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lycrowym	lycrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lycrowym	lycrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lycrowym	lycrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lykantropiach	lykantropia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropia	lykantropia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropiami	lykantropia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropią	lykantropia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropie	lykantropia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropie	lykantropia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropie	lykantropia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropię	lykantropia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropii	lykantropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
lykantropii	lykantropia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropii	lykantropia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropii	lykantropia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropij	lykantropia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
lykantropio	lykantropia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lykantropiom	lykantropia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lynchach	lynch	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchami	lynch	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynche	lynch	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynche	lynch	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynche	lynch	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchem	lynch	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynch	lynch	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynch	lynch	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchom	lynch	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchowi	lynch	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchów	lynch	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchu	lynch	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchu	lynch	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lynchu	lynch	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lyońscy	lyoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lyońska	lyoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lyońską	lyoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lyońską	lyoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lyońskich	lyoński	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lyońskich	lyoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyońskich	lyoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyońskiego	lyoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lyońskiego	lyoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lyońskiej	lyoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lyońskiej	lyoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lyońskiej	lyoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lyońskie	lyoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lyońskie	lyoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lyońskie	lyoński	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lyońskie	lyoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lyońskiemu	lyoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lyoński	lyoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lyoński	lyoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lyońskimi	lyoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyońskim	lyoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyońskim	lyoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lyońskim	lyoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lyońsko	lyoński	adja		
lyońsku	lyoński	adjp		
lyońsko	lyońsko	adv:pos		
lyońskościach	lyońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskościami	lyońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskością	lyońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskości	lyońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskościom	lyońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskość	lyońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyońskość	lyońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseccy	lysecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
lysecka	lysecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
lysecką	lysecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
lysecką	lysecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
lyseckich	lysecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
lyseckich	lysecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyseckich	lysecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyseckiego	lysecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
lyseckiego	lysecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lyseckiej	lysecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
lyseckiej	lysecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
lyseckiej	lysecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
lyseckie	lysecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lyseckie	lysecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
lyseckie	lysecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
lyseckie	lysecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
lyseckiemu	lysecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lysecki	lysecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
lysecki	lysecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
lyseckimi	lysecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyseckim	lysecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
lyseckim	lysecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lyseckim	lysecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
lysecko	lysecki	adja		
lysecku	lysecki	adjp		
lyseckościach	lyseckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckościami	lyseckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckością	lyseckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckości	lyseckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckościom	lyseckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckość	lyseckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
lyseckość	lyseckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
lza	lza	pred		daw.
lża	lża	pred		daw.
lżąca	lżyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lżącą	lżyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lżącego	lżyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lżącego	lżyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżącej	lżyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lżące	lżyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżące	lżyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżącemu	lżyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżąc	lżyć	pcon:imperf		
lżąco	lżyć	pacta		
lżących	lżyć	pact:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lżących	lżyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżący	lżyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lżący	lżyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lżący	lżyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lżącymi	lżyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżącym	lżyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżącym	lżyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżą	lżyć	fin:pl:ter:imperf		
lżeniach	lżyć	ger:pl:loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lżenia	lżyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lżenia	lżyć	ger:sg:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lżeniami	lżyć	ger:pl:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lżenie	lżyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n2:imperf:aff		
lżeniem	lżyć	ger:sg:inst:n2:imperf:aff		
lżeni	lżyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lżeniom	lżyć	ger:pl:dat:n2:imperf:aff		
lżeniu	lżyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n2:imperf:aff		
lżeń	lżyć	ger:pl:gen:n2:imperf:aff		
lżę	lżyć	fin:sg:pri:imperf		
lżona	lżyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:aff		
lżoną	lżyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:aff		
lżonego	lżyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:aff		
lżonego	lżyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżonej	lżyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:aff		
lżone	lżyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżone	lżyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżonemu	lżyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżono	lżyć	imps:imperf		
lżonych	lżyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1.p1:imperf:aff		
lżonych	lżyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżony	lżyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:aff		
lżony	lżyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:aff		
lżonymi	lżyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżonym	lżyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:imperf:aff		
lżonym	lżyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:imperf:aff		
lżycie	lżyć	fin:pl:sec:imperf		
lżyć	lżyć	inf:imperf		
lżyjcie	lżyć	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
lżyj	lżyć	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
lżyjmy	lżyć	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
lżyliby	lżyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lżylibyście	lżyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lżylibyśmy	lżyć	cond:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lżyli	lżyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:imperf		
lżyli	lżyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:ter:imperf		
lżyliście	lżyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:sec:imperf		
lżyliśmy	lżyć	praet:pl:m1.p1:pri:imperf		
lży	lżyć	fin:sg:ter:imperf		
lżyłaby	lżyć	cond:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lżyłabym	lżyć	cond:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lżyłabyś	lżyć	cond:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lżyła	lżyć	praet:sg:f:imperf		
lżyła	lżyć	praet:sg:f:ter:imperf		
lżyłam	lżyć	praet:sg:f:pri:imperf		
lżyłaś	lżyć	praet:sg:f:sec:imperf		
lżyłby	lżyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lżyłbym	lżyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lżyłbyś	lżyć	cond:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lżyłem	lżyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:pri:imperf		
lżyłeś	lżyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:sec:imperf		
lżył	lżyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:imperf		
lżył	lżyć	praet:sg:m1.m2.m3:ter:imperf		
lżyłoby	lżyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lżyłobym	lżyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lżyłobyś	lżyć	cond:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lżyło	lżyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:imperf		
lżyło	lżyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:ter:imperf		
lżyłom	lżyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:pri:imperf		
lżyłoś	lżyć	praet:sg:n1.n2:sec:imperf		
lżyłyby	lżyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lżyłybyście	lżyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lżyłybyśmy	lżyć	cond:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lżyły	lżyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:imperf		
lżyły	lżyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:ter:imperf		
lżyłyście	lżyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:sec:imperf		
lżyłyśmy	lżyć	praet:pl:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pri:imperf		
lżymy	lżyć	fin:pl:pri:imperf		
lżysz	lżyć	fin:sg:sec:imperf		
lżywościach	lżywość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywościami	lżywość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywością	lżywość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywości	lżywość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywościom	lżywość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywość	lżywość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywość	lżywość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
lżywa	lżywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
lżywą	lżywy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
lżywą	lżywy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
lżywego	lżywy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
lżywego	lżywy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lżywej	lżywy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
lżywej	lżywy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
lżywej	lżywy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
lżywe	lżywy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lżywe	lżywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lżywe	lżywy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lżywe	lżywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		przest.
lżywemu	lżywy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lżywi	lżywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lżywo	lżywy	adja		przest.
lżywych	lżywy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		przest.
lżywych	lżywy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lżywych	lżywy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lżywy	lżywy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
lżywy	lżywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
lżywymi	lżywy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lżywym	lżywy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		przest.
lżywym	lżywy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
lżywym	lżywy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		przest.
latek	roczek:s2	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latkach	roczek:s2	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latkami	roczek:s2	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latka	roczek:s2	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latka	roczek:s2	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latka	roczek:s2	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latkom	roczek:s2	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latach	rok:s1	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latami	rok:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lata	rok:s1	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lata	rok:s1	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lata	rok:s1	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
latom	rok:s1	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
lat	rok:s1	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
laty	rok:s1	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	przest.
