niequadowa	niequadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
niequadową	niequadowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
niequadową	niequadowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
niequadowego	niequadowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
niequadowego	niequadowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequadowej	niequadowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
niequadowej	niequadowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
niequadowej	niequadowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
niequadowemu	niequadowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequadowe	niequadowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequadowe	niequadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequadowe	niequadowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
niequadowe	niequadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
niequadowi	niequadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
niequadowych	niequadowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
niequadowych	niequadowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequadowych	niequadowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequadowymi	niequadowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequadowym	niequadowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequadowym	niequadowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequadowym	niequadowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequadowy	niequadowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
niequadowy	niequadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
niequebeccy	niequebecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
niequebecka	niequebecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
niequebecką	niequebecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
niequebecką	niequebecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
niequebeckich	niequebecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
niequebeckich	niequebecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequebeckich	niequebecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequebeckiego	niequebecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
niequebeckiego	niequebecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequebeckiej	niequebecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
niequebeckiej	niequebecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
niequebeckiej	niequebecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
niequebeckiemu	niequebecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequebeckie	niequebecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequebeckie	niequebecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequebeckie	niequebecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
niequebeckie	niequebecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
niequebeckimi	niequebecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequebeckim	niequebecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequebeckim	niequebecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequebeckim	niequebecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequebecki	niequebecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
niequebecki	niequebecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
niequebecko	niequebecko	adv:pos		
niequebeckościach	niequebeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckościami	niequebeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckością	niequebeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckości	niequebeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckości	niequebeckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckości	niequebeckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckości	niequebeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckości	niequebeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckościom	niequebeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckość	niequebeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequebeckość	niequebeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequeerowo	niequeerowo	adv:pos		
niequeerowościach	niequeerowość	subst:pl:loc:f		
niequeerowościami	niequeerowość	subst:pl:inst:f		
niequeerowością	niequeerowość	subst:sg:inst:f		
niequeerowości	niequeerowość	subst:pl:gen:f		
niequeerowości	niequeerowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
niequeerowości	niequeerowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
niequeerowości	niequeerowość	subst:sg:gen:f		
niequeerowości	niequeerowość	subst:sg:voc:f		
niequeerowościom	niequeerowość	subst:pl:dat:f		
niequeerowość	niequeerowość	subst:sg:acc:f		
niequeerowość	niequeerowość	subst:sg:nom:f		
niequeerowa	niequeerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
niequeerową	niequeerowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
niequeerową	niequeerowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
niequeerowego	niequeerowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
niequeerowego	niequeerowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequeerowej	niequeerowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
niequeerowej	niequeerowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
niequeerowej	niequeerowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
niequeerowemu	niequeerowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequeerowe	niequeerowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequeerowe	niequeerowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequeerowe	niequeerowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
niequeerowe	niequeerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
niequeerowi	niequeerowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
niequeerowo	niequeerowy	adja		
niequeerowych	niequeerowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
niequeerowych	niequeerowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequeerowych	niequeerowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequeerowymi	niequeerowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequeerowym	niequeerowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequeerowym	niequeerowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequeerowym	niequeerowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequeerowy	niequeerowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
niequeerowy	niequeerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
niequizowościach	niequizowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowościami	niequizowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowością	niequizowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowości	niequizowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowości	niequizowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowości	niequizowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowości	niequizowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowości	niequizowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowościom	niequizowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowość	niequizowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowość	niequizowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequizowa	niequizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
niequizową	niequizowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
niequizową	niequizowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
niequizowego	niequizowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
niequizowego	niequizowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequizowej	niequizowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
niequizowej	niequizowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
niequizowej	niequizowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
niequizowemu	niequizowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequizowe	niequizowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequizowe	niequizowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequizowe	niequizowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
niequizowe	niequizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
niequizowi	niequizowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
niequizowych	niequizowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
niequizowych	niequizowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequizowych	niequizowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequizowymi	niequizowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequizowym	niequizowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequizowym	niequizowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequizowym	niequizowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequizowy	niequizowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
niequizowy	niequizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
niequmrańscy	niequmrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
niequmrańska	niequmrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
niequmrańską	niequmrański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
niequmrańską	niequmrański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
niequmrańskich	niequmrański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
niequmrańskich	niequmrański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequmrańskich	niequmrański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequmrańskiego	niequmrański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
niequmrańskiego	niequmrański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequmrańskiej	niequmrański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
niequmrańskiej	niequmrański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
niequmrańskiej	niequmrański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
niequmrańskiemu	niequmrański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequmrańskie	niequmrański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequmrańskie	niequmrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequmrańskie	niequmrański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
niequmrańskie	niequmrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
niequmrańskimi	niequmrański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequmrańskim	niequmrański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niequmrańskim	niequmrański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequmrańskim	niequmrański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niequmrański	niequmrański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
niequmrański	niequmrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
niequmrańsko	niequmrańsko	adv:pos		
niequmrańskościach	niequmrańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskościami	niequmrańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskością	niequmrańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskości	niequmrańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskości	niequmrańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskości	niequmrańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskości	niequmrańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskości	niequmrańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskościom	niequmrańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskość	niequmrańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
niequmrańskość	niequmrańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
