nietnąca	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietnącą	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietnące	ciąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietnące	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietnącego	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietnącego	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietnącej	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietnącemu	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietnących	ciąć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietnących	ciąć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietnący	ciąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietnący	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietnący	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietnącym	ciąć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietnącym	ciąć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietnącymi	ciąć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabaczkowościach	nietabaczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowościami	nietabaczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowością	nietabaczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowości	nietabaczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowości	nietabaczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowości	nietabaczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowości	nietabaczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowości	nietabaczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowościom	nietabaczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowość	nietabaczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowość	nietabaczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczkowa	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabaczkową	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabaczkową	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabaczkowego	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabaczkowego	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabaczkowej	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabaczkowej	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabaczkowej	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabaczkowemu	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabaczkowe	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczkowe	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczkowe	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabaczkowe	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabaczkowi	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabaczkowych	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabaczkowych	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczkowych	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczkowymi	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczkowym	nietabaczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczkowym	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabaczkowym	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabaczkowy	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabaczkowy	nietabaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabacznościach	nietabaczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabacznościami	nietabaczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabacznością	nietabaczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczności	nietabaczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczności	nietabaczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczności	nietabaczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczności	nietabaczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczności	nietabaczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabacznościom	nietabaczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczność	nietabaczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczność	nietabaczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabaczna	nietabaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabaczną	nietabaczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabaczną	nietabaczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabacznego	nietabaczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabacznego	nietabaczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabacznej	nietabaczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabacznej	nietabaczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabacznej	nietabaczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabacznemu	nietabaczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabaczne	nietabaczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczne	nietabaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabaczne	nietabaczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabaczne	nietabaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabaczni	nietabaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabacznych	nietabaczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabacznych	nietabaczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabacznych	nietabaczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabacznymi	nietabaczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabacznym	nietabaczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabacznym	nietabaczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabacznym	nietabaczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabaczny	nietabaczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabaczny	nietabaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabakowościach	nietabakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowościami	nietabakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowością	nietabakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowości	nietabakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowości	nietabakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowości	nietabakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowości	nietabakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowości	nietabakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowościom	nietabakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowość	nietabakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowość	nietabakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabakowa	nietabakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabakową	nietabakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabakową	nietabakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabakowego	nietabakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabakowego	nietabakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabakowej	nietabakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabakowej	nietabakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabakowej	nietabakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabakowemu	nietabakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabakowe	nietabakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabakowe	nietabakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabakowe	nietabakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabakowe	nietabakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabakowi	nietabakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabakowych	nietabakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabakowych	nietabakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabakowych	nietabakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabakowymi	nietabakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabakowym	nietabakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabakowym	nietabakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabakowym	nietabakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabakowy	nietabakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabakowy	nietabakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabelarycznie	nietabelarycznie	adv:pos		
nietabelarycznościach	nietabelaryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelarycznościami	nietabelaryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelarycznością	nietabelaryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczności	nietabelaryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczności	nietabelaryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczności	nietabelaryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczności	nietabelaryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczności	nietabelaryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelarycznościom	nietabelaryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczność	nietabelaryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczność	nietabelaryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryczna	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabelaryczną	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabelaryczną	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabelarycznego	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabelarycznego	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabelarycznej	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabelarycznej	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabelarycznej	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabelarycznemu	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabelaryczne	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabelaryczne	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabelaryczne	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabelaryczne	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabelaryczni	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabelarycznych	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabelarycznych	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabelarycznych	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabelarycznymi	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabelarycznym	nietabelaryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabelarycznym	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabelarycznym	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabelaryczny	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabelaryczny	nietabelaryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabetycznie	nietabetycznie	adv:pos		
nietabetycznościach	nietabetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetycznościami	nietabetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetycznością	nietabetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczności	nietabetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczności	nietabetyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczności	nietabetyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczności	nietabetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczności	nietabetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetycznościom	nietabetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczność	nietabetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczność	nietabetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabetyczna	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabetyczną	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabetyczną	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabetycznego	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabetycznego	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabetycznej	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabetycznej	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabetycznej	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabetycznemu	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabetyczne	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabetyczne	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabetyczne	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabetyczne	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabetyczni	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabetycznych	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabetycznych	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabetycznych	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabetycznymi	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabetycznym	nietabetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabetycznym	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabetycznym	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabetyczny	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabetyczny	nietabetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabletkowościach	nietabletkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowościami	nietabletkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowością	nietabletkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowości	nietabletkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowości	nietabletkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowości	nietabletkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowości	nietabletkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowości	nietabletkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowościom	nietabletkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowość	nietabletkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowość	nietabletkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabletkowa	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabletkową	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabletkową	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabletkowego	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabletkowego	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabletkowej	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabletkowej	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabletkowej	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabletkowemu	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabletkowe	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabletkowe	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabletkowe	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabletkowe	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabletkowi	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabletkowych	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabletkowych	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabletkowych	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabletkowymi	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabletkowym	nietabletkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabletkowym	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabletkowym	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabletkowy	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabletkowy	nietabletkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietablicowościach	nietablicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowościami	nietablicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowością	nietablicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowości	nietablicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowości	nietablicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowości	nietablicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowości	nietablicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowości	nietablicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowościom	nietablicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowość	nietablicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowość	nietablicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietablicowa	nietablicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietablicową	nietablicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietablicową	nietablicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietablicowego	nietablicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietablicowego	nietablicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietablicowej	nietablicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietablicowej	nietablicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietablicowej	nietablicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietablicowemu	nietablicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietablicowe	nietablicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietablicowe	nietablicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietablicowe	nietablicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietablicowe	nietablicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietablicowi	nietablicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietablicowych	nietablicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietablicowych	nietablicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietablicowych	nietablicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietablicowymi	nietablicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietablicowym	nietablicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietablicowym	nietablicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietablicowym	nietablicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietablicowy	nietablicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietablicowy	nietablicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabliczkowatościach	nietabliczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatościami	nietabliczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatością	nietabliczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatości	nietabliczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatości	nietabliczkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatości	nietabliczkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatości	nietabliczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatości	nietabliczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatościom	nietabliczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatość	nietabliczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowatość	nietabliczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowaci	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabliczkowata	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabliczkowatą	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabliczkowatą	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabliczkowatego	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabliczkowatego	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowatej	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabliczkowatej	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabliczkowatej	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabliczkowatemu	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowate	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowate	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowate	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabliczkowate	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabliczkowatych	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabliczkowatych	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowatych	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowatymi	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowatym	nietabliczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowatym	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowatym	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowaty	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabliczkowaty	nietabliczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabliczkowościach	nietabliczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowościami	nietabliczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowością	nietabliczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowości	nietabliczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowości	nietabliczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowości	nietabliczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowości	nietabliczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowości	nietabliczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowościom	nietabliczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowość	nietabliczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowość	nietabliczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabliczkowa	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabliczkową	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabliczkową	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabliczkowego	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabliczkowego	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowej	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabliczkowej	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabliczkowej	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabliczkowemu	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowe	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowe	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowe	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabliczkowe	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabliczkowi	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabliczkowych	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabliczkowych	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowych	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowymi	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowym	nietabliczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabliczkowym	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowym	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabliczkowy	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabliczkowy	nietabliczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabloidalnościach	nietabloidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalnościami	nietabloidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalnością	nietabloidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalności	nietabloidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalności	nietabloidalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalności	nietabloidalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalności	nietabloidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalności	nietabloidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalnościom	nietabloidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalność	nietabloidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalność	nietabloidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidalna	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabloidalną	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabloidalną	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabloidalnego	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabloidalnego	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidalnej	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabloidalnej	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabloidalnej	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabloidalnemu	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidalne	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidalne	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidalne	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabloidalne	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabloidalni	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabloidalnych	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabloidalnych	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidalnych	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidalnymi	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidalnym	nietabloidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidalnym	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidalnym	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidalny	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabloidalny	nietabloidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabloidowo	nietabloidowo	adv:pos		
nietabloidowościach	nietabloidowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowościami	nietabloidowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowością	nietabloidowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowości	nietabloidowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowości	nietabloidowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowości	nietabloidowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowości	nietabloidowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowości	nietabloidowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowościom	nietabloidowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowość	nietabloidowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowość	nietabloidowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabloidowa	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabloidową	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabloidową	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabloidowego	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabloidowego	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidowej	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabloidowej	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabloidowej	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabloidowemu	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidowe	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidowe	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidowe	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabloidowe	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabloidowi	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabloidowych	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabloidowych	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidowych	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidowymi	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidowym	nietabloidowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabloidowym	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidowym	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabloidowy	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabloidowy	nietabloidowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaboretowościach	nietaboretowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowościami	nietaboretowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowością	nietaboretowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowości	nietaboretowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowości	nietaboretowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowości	nietaboretowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowości	nietaboretowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowości	nietaboretowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowościom	nietaboretowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowość	nietaboretowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowość	nietaboretowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboretowa	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaboretową	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaboretową	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaboretowego	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaboretowego	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaboretowej	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaboretowej	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaboretowej	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaboretowemu	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaboretowe	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboretowe	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboretowe	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaboretowe	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaboretowi	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaboretowych	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaboretowych	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboretowych	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboretowymi	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboretowym	nietaboretowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboretowym	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaboretowym	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaboretowy	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaboretowy	nietaboretowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabornościach	nietaborność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabornościami	nietaborność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabornością	nietaborność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborności	nietaborność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborności	nietaborność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborności	nietaborność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborności	nietaborność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborności	nietaborność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabornościom	nietaborność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborność	nietaborność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborność	nietaborność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborna	nietaborny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaborną	nietaborny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaborną	nietaborny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabornego	nietaborny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabornego	nietaborny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabornej	nietaborny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabornej	nietaborny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabornej	nietaborny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabornemu	nietaborny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaborne	nietaborny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborne	nietaborny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborne	nietaborny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaborne	nietaborny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaborni	nietaborny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabornych	nietaborny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabornych	nietaborny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabornych	nietaborny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabornymi	nietaborny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabornym	nietaborny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabornym	nietaborny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabornym	nietaborny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaborny	nietaborny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaborny	nietaborny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaborowościach	nietaborowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowościami	nietaborowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowością	nietaborowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowości	nietaborowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowości	nietaborowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowości	nietaborowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowości	nietaborowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowości	nietaborowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowościom	nietaborowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowość	nietaborowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowość	nietaborowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaborowa	nietaborowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaborową	nietaborowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaborową	nietaborowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaborowego	nietaborowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaborowego	nietaborowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaborowej	nietaborowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaborowej	nietaborowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaborowej	nietaborowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaborowemu	nietaborowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaborowe	nietaborowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborowe	nietaborowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborowe	nietaborowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaborowe	nietaborowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaborowi	nietaborowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaborowych	nietaborowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaborowych	nietaborowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborowych	nietaborowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborowymi	nietaborowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborowym	nietaborowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaborowym	nietaborowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaborowym	nietaborowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaborowy	nietaborowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaborowy	nietaborowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaboryccy	nietaborycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaborycka	nietaborycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaborycką	nietaborycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaborycką	nietaborycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaboryckich	nietaborycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaboryckich	nietaborycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboryckich	nietaborycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboryckiego	nietaborycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaboryckiego	nietaborycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaboryckiej	nietaborycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaboryckiej	nietaborycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaboryckiej	nietaborycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaboryckiemu	nietaborycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaboryckie	nietaborycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboryckie	nietaborycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboryckie	nietaborycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaboryckie	nietaborycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaboryckimi	nietaborycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboryckim	nietaborycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaboryckim	nietaborycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaboryckim	nietaborycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaborycki	nietaborycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaborycki	nietaborycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaborycko	nietaborycko	adv:pos		
nietaboryckościach	nietaboryckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckościami	nietaboryckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckością	nietaboryckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckości	nietaboryckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckości	nietaboryckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckości	nietaboryckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckości	nietaboryckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckości	nietaboryckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckościom	nietaboryckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckość	nietaboryckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaboryckość	nietaboryckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistycznościach	nietabuistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistycznościami	nietabuistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistycznością	nietabuistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczności	nietabuistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczności	nietabuistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczności	nietabuistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczności	nietabuistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczności	nietabuistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistycznościom	nietabuistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczność	nietabuistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczność	nietabuistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabuistyczna	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabuistyczną	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabuistyczną	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabuistycznego	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabuistycznego	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabuistycznej	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabuistycznej	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabuistycznej	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabuistycznemu	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabuistyczne	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabuistyczne	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabuistyczne	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabuistyczne	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabuistyczni	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabuistycznych	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabuistycznych	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabuistycznych	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabuistycznymi	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabuistycznym	nietabuistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabuistycznym	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabuistycznym	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabuistyczny	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabuistyczny	nietabuistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabularnie	nietabularnie	adv:pos		
nietabularnościach	nietabularność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularnościami	nietabularność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularnością	nietabularność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularności	nietabularność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularności	nietabularność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularności	nietabularność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularności	nietabularność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularności	nietabularność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularnościom	nietabularność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularność	nietabularność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularność	nietabularność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabularna	nietabularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabularną	nietabularny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabularną	nietabularny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabularnego	nietabularny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabularnego	nietabularny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabularnej	nietabularny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabularnej	nietabularny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabularnej	nietabularny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabularnemu	nietabularny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabularne	nietabularny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabularne	nietabularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabularne	nietabularny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabularne	nietabularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabularni	nietabularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabularnych	nietabularny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabularnych	nietabularny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabularnych	nietabularny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabularnymi	nietabularny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabularnym	nietabularny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabularnym	nietabularny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabularnym	nietabularny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabularny	nietabularny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabularny	nietabularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabunnościach	nietabunność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunnościami	nietabunność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunnością	nietabunność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunności	nietabunność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunności	nietabunność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunności	nietabunność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunności	nietabunność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunności	nietabunność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunnościom	nietabunność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunność	nietabunność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunność	nietabunność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunna	nietabunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabunną	nietabunny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabunną	nietabunny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabunnego	nietabunny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabunnego	nietabunny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunnej	nietabunny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabunnej	nietabunny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabunnej	nietabunny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabunnemu	nietabunny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunne	nietabunny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunne	nietabunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunne	nietabunny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabunne	nietabunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabunni	nietabunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabunnych	nietabunny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabunnych	nietabunny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunnych	nietabunny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunnymi	nietabunny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunnym	nietabunny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunnym	nietabunny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunnym	nietabunny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunny	nietabunny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabunny	nietabunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietabunowościach	nietabunowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowościami	nietabunowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowością	nietabunowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowości	nietabunowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowości	nietabunowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowości	nietabunowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowości	nietabunowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowości	nietabunowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowościom	nietabunowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowość	nietabunowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowość	nietabunowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabunowa	nietabunowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietabunową	nietabunowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietabunową	nietabunowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietabunowego	nietabunowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietabunowego	nietabunowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunowej	nietabunowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietabunowej	nietabunowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietabunowej	nietabunowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietabunowemu	nietabunowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunowe	nietabunowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunowe	nietabunowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunowe	nietabunowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietabunowe	nietabunowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietabunowi	nietabunowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietabunowych	nietabunowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietabunowych	nietabunowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunowych	nietabunowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunowymi	nietabunowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunowym	nietabunowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietabunowym	nietabunowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunowym	nietabunowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietabunowy	nietabunowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietabunowy	nietabunowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietachimetrycznościach	nietachimetryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetrycznościami	nietachimetryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetrycznością	nietachimetryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczności	nietachimetryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczności	nietachimetryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczności	nietachimetryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczności	nietachimetryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczności	nietachimetryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetrycznościom	nietachimetryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczność	nietachimetryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczność	nietachimetryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachimetryczna	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietachimetryczną	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietachimetryczną	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietachimetrycznego	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietachimetrycznego	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachimetrycznej	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietachimetrycznej	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietachimetrycznej	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietachimetrycznemu	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachimetryczne	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachimetryczne	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachimetryczne	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietachimetryczne	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietachimetryczni	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietachimetrycznych	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietachimetrycznych	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachimetrycznych	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachimetrycznymi	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachimetrycznym	nietachimetryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachimetrycznym	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachimetrycznym	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachimetryczny	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietachimetryczny	nietachimetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietachisejsmicznościach	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmicznościami	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmicznością	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczności	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczności	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczności	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczności	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczności	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmicznościom	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczność	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczność	nietachisejsmiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachisejsmiczna	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietachisejsmiczną	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietachisejsmiczną	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietachisejsmicznego	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietachisejsmicznego	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachisejsmicznej	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietachisejsmicznej	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietachisejsmicznej	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietachisejsmicznemu	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachisejsmiczne	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachisejsmiczne	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachisejsmiczne	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietachisejsmiczne	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietachisejsmiczni	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietachisejsmicznych	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietachisejsmicznych	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachisejsmicznych	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachisejsmicznymi	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachisejsmicznym	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachisejsmicznym	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachisejsmicznym	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachisejsmiczny	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietachisejsmiczny	nietachisejsmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietachistoskopowościach	nietachistoskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowościami	nietachistoskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowością	nietachistoskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowości	nietachistoskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowości	nietachistoskopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowości	nietachistoskopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowości	nietachistoskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowości	nietachistoskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowościom	nietachistoskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowość	nietachistoskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowość	nietachistoskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachistoskopowa	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietachistoskopową	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietachistoskopową	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietachistoskopowego	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietachistoskopowego	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowej	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietachistoskopowej	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietachistoskopowej	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietachistoskopowemu	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowe	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowe	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowe	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietachistoskopowe	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietachistoskopowi	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietachistoskopowych	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietachistoskopowych	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowych	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowymi	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowym	nietachistoskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowym	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowym	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachistoskopowy	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietachistoskopowy	nietachistoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietachymetrycznościach	nietachymetryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetrycznościami	nietachymetryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetrycznością	nietachymetryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczności	nietachymetryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczności	nietachymetryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczności	nietachymetryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczności	nietachymetryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczności	nietachymetryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetrycznościom	nietachymetryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczność	nietachymetryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczność	nietachymetryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachymetryczna	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietachymetryczną	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietachymetryczną	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietachymetrycznego	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietachymetrycznego	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachymetrycznej	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietachymetrycznej	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietachymetrycznej	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietachymetrycznemu	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachymetryczne	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachymetryczne	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachymetryczne	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietachymetryczne	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietachymetryczni	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietachymetrycznych	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietachymetrycznych	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachymetrycznych	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachymetrycznymi	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachymetrycznym	nietachymetryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachymetrycznym	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachymetrycznym	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachymetryczny	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietachymetryczny	nietachymetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietachysejsmicznościach	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmicznościami	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmicznością	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczności	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczności	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczności	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczności	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczności	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmicznościom	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczność	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczność	nietachysejsmiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachysejsmiczna	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietachysejsmiczną	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietachysejsmiczną	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietachysejsmicznego	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietachysejsmicznego	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachysejsmicznej	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietachysejsmicznej	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietachysejsmicznej	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietachysejsmicznemu	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachysejsmiczne	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachysejsmiczne	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachysejsmiczne	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietachysejsmiczne	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietachysejsmiczni	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietachysejsmicznych	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietachysejsmicznych	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachysejsmicznych	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachysejsmicznymi	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachysejsmicznym	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachysejsmicznym	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachysejsmicznym	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachysejsmiczny	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietachysejsmiczny	nietachysejsmiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietachystoskopowościach	nietachystoskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowościami	nietachystoskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowością	nietachystoskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowości	nietachystoskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowości	nietachystoskopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowości	nietachystoskopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowości	nietachystoskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowości	nietachystoskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowościom	nietachystoskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowość	nietachystoskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowość	nietachystoskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietachystoskopowa	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietachystoskopową	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietachystoskopową	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietachystoskopowego	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietachystoskopowego	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowej	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietachystoskopowej	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietachystoskopowej	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietachystoskopowemu	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowe	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowe	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowe	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietachystoskopowe	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietachystoskopowi	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietachystoskopowych	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietachystoskopowych	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowych	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowymi	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowym	nietachystoskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowym	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowym	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietachystoskopowy	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietachystoskopowy	nietachystoskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietacierzyńscy	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietacierzyńska	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietacierzyńską	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietacierzyńską	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietacierzyńskich	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietacierzyńskich	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskich	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskiego	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietacierzyńskiego	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskiej	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietacierzyńskiej	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietacierzyńskiej	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietacierzyńskiemu	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskie	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskie	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskie	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietacierzyńskie	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietacierzyńskimi	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskim	nietacierzyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskim	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacierzyńskim	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacierzyński	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietacierzyński	nietacierzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietacierzyńsko	nietacierzyńsko	adv:pos		
nietacierzyńskościach	nietacierzyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskościami	nietacierzyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskością	nietacierzyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskości	nietacierzyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskości	nietacierzyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskości	nietacierzyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskości	nietacierzyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskości	nietacierzyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskościom	nietacierzyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskość	nietacierzyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacierzyńskość	nietacierzyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowościach	nietacowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowościami	nietacowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowością	nietacowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowości	nietacowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowości	nietacowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowości	nietacowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowości	nietacowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowości	nietacowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowościom	nietacowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowość	nietacowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowość	nietacowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacowa	nietacowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietacową	nietacowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietacową	nietacowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietacowego	nietacowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietacowego	nietacowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacowej	nietacowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietacowej	nietacowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietacowej	nietacowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietacowemu	nietacowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacowe	nietacowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacowe	nietacowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacowe	nietacowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietacowe	nietacowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietacowi	nietacowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietacowych	nietacowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietacowych	nietacowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacowych	nietacowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacowymi	nietacowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacowym	nietacowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietacowym	nietacowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacowym	nietacowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietacowy	nietacowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietacowy	nietacowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaczkowościach	nietaczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowościami	nietaczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowością	nietaczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowości	nietaczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowości	nietaczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowości	nietaczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowości	nietaczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowości	nietaczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowościom	nietaczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowość	nietaczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowość	nietaczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaczkowa	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaczkową	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaczkową	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaczkowego	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaczkowego	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaczkowej	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaczkowej	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaczkowej	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaczkowemu	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaczkowe	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaczkowe	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaczkowe	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaczkowe	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaczkowi	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaczkowych	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaczkowych	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaczkowych	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaczkowymi	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaczkowym	nietaczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaczkowym	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaczkowym	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaczkowy	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaczkowy	nietaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietadżyccy	nietadżycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietadżycka	nietadżycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietadżycką	nietadżycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietadżycką	nietadżycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietadżyckich	nietadżycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietadżyckich	nietadżycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietadżyckich	nietadżycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietadżyckiego	nietadżycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietadżyckiego	nietadżycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietadżyckiej	nietadżycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietadżyckiej	nietadżycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietadżyckiej	nietadżycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietadżyckiemu	nietadżycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietadżyckie	nietadżycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietadżyckie	nietadżycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietadżyckie	nietadżycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietadżyckie	nietadżycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietadżyckimi	nietadżycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietadżyckim	nietadżycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietadżyckim	nietadżycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietadżyckim	nietadżycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietadżycki	nietadżycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietadżycki	nietadżycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietadżycko	nietadżycko	adv:pos		
nietadżyckościach	nietadżyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckościami	nietadżyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckością	nietadżyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckości	nietadżyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckości	nietadżyckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckości	nietadżyckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckości	nietadżyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckości	nietadżyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckościom	nietadżyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckość	nietadżyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietadżyckość	nietadżyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowato	nietafelkowato	adv:pos		
nietafelkowatościach	nietafelkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatościami	nietafelkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatością	nietafelkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatości	nietafelkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatości	nietafelkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatości	nietafelkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatości	nietafelkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatości	nietafelkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatościom	nietafelkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatość	nietafelkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowatość	nietafelkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietafelkowaci	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietafelkowata	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietafelkowatą	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietafelkowatą	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietafelkowatego	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietafelkowatego	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietafelkowatej	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietafelkowatej	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietafelkowatej	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietafelkowatemu	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietafelkowate	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietafelkowate	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietafelkowate	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietafelkowate	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietafelkowatych	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietafelkowatych	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietafelkowatych	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietafelkowatymi	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietafelkowatym	nietafelkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietafelkowatym	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietafelkowatym	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietafelkowaty	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietafelkowaty	nietafelkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaflowościach	nietaflowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowościami	nietaflowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowością	nietaflowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowości	nietaflowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowości	nietaflowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowości	nietaflowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowości	nietaflowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowości	nietaflowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowościom	nietaflowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowość	nietaflowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowość	nietaflowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaflowa	nietaflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaflową	nietaflowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaflową	nietaflowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaflowego	nietaflowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaflowego	nietaflowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaflowej	nietaflowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaflowej	nietaflowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaflowej	nietaflowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaflowemu	nietaflowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaflowe	nietaflowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaflowe	nietaflowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaflowe	nietaflowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaflowe	nietaflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaflowi	nietaflowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaflowych	nietaflowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaflowych	nietaflowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaflowych	nietaflowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaflowymi	nietaflowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaflowym	nietaflowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaflowym	nietaflowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaflowym	nietaflowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaflowy	nietaflowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaflowy	nietaflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaftowościach	nietaftowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowościami	nietaftowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowością	nietaftowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowości	nietaftowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowości	nietaftowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowości	nietaftowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowości	nietaftowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowości	nietaftowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowościom	nietaftowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowość	nietaftowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowość	nietaftowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaftowa	nietaftowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaftową	nietaftowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaftową	nietaftowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaftowego	nietaftowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaftowego	nietaftowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaftowej	nietaftowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaftowej	nietaftowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaftowej	nietaftowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaftowemu	nietaftowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaftowe	nietaftowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaftowe	nietaftowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaftowe	nietaftowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaftowe	nietaftowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaftowi	nietaftowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaftowych	nietaftowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaftowych	nietaftowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaftowych	nietaftowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaftowymi	nietaftowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaftowym	nietaftowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaftowym	nietaftowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaftowym	nietaftowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaftowy	nietaftowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaftowy	nietaftowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietagalscy	nietagalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietagalska	nietagalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietagalską	nietagalski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietagalską	nietagalski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietagalskich	nietagalski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietagalskich	nietagalski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietagalskich	nietagalski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietagalskiego	nietagalski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietagalskiego	nietagalski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietagalskiej	nietagalski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietagalskiej	nietagalski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietagalskiej	nietagalski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietagalskiemu	nietagalski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietagalskie	nietagalski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietagalskie	nietagalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietagalskie	nietagalski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietagalskie	nietagalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietagalskimi	nietagalski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietagalskim	nietagalski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietagalskim	nietagalski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietagalskim	nietagalski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietagalski	nietagalski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietagalski	nietagalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietagalsko	nietagalsko	adv:pos		
nietagalskościach	nietagalskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskościami	nietagalskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskością	nietagalskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskości	nietagalskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskości	nietagalskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskości	nietagalskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskości	nietagalskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskości	nietagalskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskościom	nietagalskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskość	nietagalskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietagalskość	nietagalskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroscy	nietaganroski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaganroska	nietaganroski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaganroską	nietaganroski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaganroską	nietaganroski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaganroskich	nietaganroski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaganroskich	nietaganroski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaganroskich	nietaganroski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaganroskiego	nietaganroski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaganroskiego	nietaganroski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaganroskiej	nietaganroski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaganroskiej	nietaganroski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaganroskiej	nietaganroski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaganroskiemu	nietaganroski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaganroskie	nietaganroski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaganroskie	nietaganroski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaganroskie	nietaganroski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaganroskie	nietaganroski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaganroskimi	nietaganroski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaganroskim	nietaganroski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaganroskim	nietaganroski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaganroskim	nietaganroski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaganroski	nietaganroski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaganroski	nietaganroski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaganrosko	nietaganrosko	adv:pos		
nietaganroskościach	nietaganroskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskościami	nietaganroskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskością	nietaganroskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskości	nietaganroskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskości	nietaganroskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskości	nietaganroskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskości	nietaganroskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskości	nietaganroskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskościom	nietaganroskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskość	nietaganroskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaganroskość	nietaganroskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańscy	nietahitański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietahitańska	nietahitański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietahitańską	nietahitański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietahitańską	nietahitański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietahitańskich	nietahitański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietahitańskich	nietahitański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietahitańskich	nietahitański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietahitańskiego	nietahitański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietahitańskiego	nietahitański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietahitańskiej	nietahitański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietahitańskiej	nietahitański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietahitańskiej	nietahitański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietahitańskiemu	nietahitański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietahitańskie	nietahitański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietahitańskie	nietahitański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietahitańskie	nietahitański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietahitańskie	nietahitański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietahitańskimi	nietahitański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietahitańskim	nietahitański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietahitańskim	nietahitański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietahitańskim	nietahitański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietahitański	nietahitański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietahitański	nietahitański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietahitańsko	nietahitańsko	adv:pos		
nietahitańskościach	nietahitańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskościami	nietahitańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskością	nietahitańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskości	nietahitańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskości	nietahitańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskości	nietahitańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskości	nietahitańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskości	nietahitańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskościom	nietahitańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskość	nietahitańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietahitańskość	nietahitańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczo	nietajemniczo	adv:pos		
nietajemniczościach	nietajemniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczościami	nietajemniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczością	nietajemniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczości	nietajemniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczości	nietajemniczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczości	nietajemniczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczości	nietajemniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczości	nietajemniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczościom	nietajemniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczość	nietajemniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemniczość	nietajemniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemnicza	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajemniczą	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajemniczą	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajemniczego	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajemniczego	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemniczej	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajemniczej	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajemniczej	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajemniczemu	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemnicze	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemnicze	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemnicze	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajemnicze	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajemniczych	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajemniczych	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemniczych	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemniczymi	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemniczym	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemniczym	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemniczym	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemniczy	nietajemniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajemniczy	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajemniczy	nietajemniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajemnie	nietajemnie	adv:pos		
nietajemnościach	nietajemność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemnościami	nietajemność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemnością	nietajemność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemności	nietajemność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemności	nietajemność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemności	nietajemność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemności	nietajemność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemności	nietajemność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemnościom	nietajemność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemność	nietajemność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemność	nietajemność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajemna	nietajemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajemną	nietajemny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajemną	nietajemny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajemnego	nietajemny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajemnego	nietajemny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemnej	nietajemny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajemnej	nietajemny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajemnej	nietajemny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajemnemu	nietajemny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemne	nietajemny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemne	nietajemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemne	nietajemny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajemne	nietajemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajemni	nietajemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajemnych	nietajemny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajemnych	nietajemny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemnych	nietajemny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemnymi	nietajemny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemnym	nietajemny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajemnym	nietajemny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemnym	nietajemny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajemny	nietajemny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajemny	nietajemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajlandzcy	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajlandzka	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajlandzką	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajlandzką	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajlandzkich	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajlandzkich	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajlandzkich	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajlandzkiego	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajlandzkiego	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajlandzkiej	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajlandzkiej	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajlandzkiej	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajlandzkiemu	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajlandzkie	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajlandzkie	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajlandzkie	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajlandzkie	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajlandzkimi	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajlandzkim	nietajlandzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajlandzkim	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajlandzkim	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajlandzki	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajlandzki	nietajlandzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajlandzko	nietajlandzko	adv:pos		
nietajlandzkościach	nietajlandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkościami	nietajlandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkością	nietajlandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkości	nietajlandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkości	nietajlandzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkości	nietajlandzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkości	nietajlandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkości	nietajlandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkościom	nietajlandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkość	nietajlandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajlandzkość	nietajlandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrscy	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajmyrska	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajmyrską	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajmyrską	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajmyrskich	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajmyrskich	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajmyrskich	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajmyrskiego	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajmyrskiego	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajmyrskiej	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajmyrskiej	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajmyrskiej	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajmyrskiemu	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajmyrskie	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajmyrskie	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajmyrskie	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajmyrskie	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajmyrskimi	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajmyrskim	nietajmyrski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajmyrskim	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajmyrskim	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajmyrski	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajmyrski	nietajmyrski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajmyrsko	nietajmyrsko	adv:pos		
nietajmyrskościach	nietajmyrskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskościami	nietajmyrskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskością	nietajmyrskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskości	nietajmyrskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskości	nietajmyrskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskości	nietajmyrskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskości	nietajmyrskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskości	nietajmyrskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskościom	nietajmyrskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskość	nietajmyrskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajmyrskość	nietajmyrskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniaccy	nietajniacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajniacka	nietajniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajniacką	nietajniacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajniacką	nietajniacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajniackich	nietajniacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajniackich	nietajniacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajniackich	nietajniacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajniackiego	nietajniacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajniackiego	nietajniacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajniackiej	nietajniacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajniackiej	nietajniacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajniackiej	nietajniacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajniackiemu	nietajniacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajniackie	nietajniacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajniackie	nietajniacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajniackie	nietajniacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajniackie	nietajniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajniackimi	nietajniacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajniackim	nietajniacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajniackim	nietajniacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajniackim	nietajniacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajniacki	nietajniacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajniacki	nietajniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajniacko	nietajniacko	adv:pos		
nietajniackościach	nietajniackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackościami	nietajniackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackością	nietajniackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackości	nietajniackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackości	nietajniackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackości	nietajniackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackości	nietajniackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackości	nietajniackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackościom	nietajniackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackość	nietajniackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajniackość	nietajniackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajnie	nietajnie	adv:pos		
nietajno	nietajno	adv:pos		
nietajnościach	nietajność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajnościami	nietajność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajnością	nietajność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajności	nietajność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajności	nietajność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajności	nietajność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajności	nietajność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajności	nietajność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajnościom	nietajność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajność	nietajność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajność	nietajność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajna	nietajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajną	nietajny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajną	nietajny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajnego	nietajny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajnego	nietajny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajnej	nietajny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajnej	nietajny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajnej	nietajny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajnemu	nietajny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajne	nietajny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajne	nietajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajne	nietajny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajne	nietajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajni	nietajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajnych	nietajny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajnych	nietajny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajnych	nietajny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajnymi	nietajny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajnym	nietajny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajnym	nietajny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajnym	nietajny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajny	nietajny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajny	nietajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajscy	nietajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajska	nietajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajską	nietajski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajską	nietajski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajskich	nietajski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajskich	nietajski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajskich	nietajski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajskiego	nietajski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajskiego	nietajski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajskiej	nietajski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajskiej	nietajski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajskiej	nietajski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajskiemu	nietajski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajskie	nietajski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajskie	nietajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajskie	nietajski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajskie	nietajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajskimi	nietajski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajskim	nietajski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajskim	nietajski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajskim	nietajski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajski	nietajski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajski	nietajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajsko	nietajsko	adv:pos		
nietajskościach	nietajskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskościami	nietajskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskością	nietajskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskości	nietajskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskości	nietajskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskości	nietajskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskości	nietajskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskości	nietajskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskościom	nietajskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskość	nietajskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajskość	nietajskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańscy	nietajwański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietajwańska	nietajwański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietajwańską	nietajwański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietajwańską	nietajwański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietajwańskich	nietajwański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietajwańskich	nietajwański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajwańskich	nietajwański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajwańskiego	nietajwański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietajwańskiego	nietajwański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajwańskiej	nietajwański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietajwańskiej	nietajwański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietajwańskiej	nietajwański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietajwańskiemu	nietajwański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajwańskie	nietajwański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajwańskie	nietajwański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajwańskie	nietajwański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietajwańskie	nietajwański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietajwańskimi	nietajwański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajwańskim	nietajwański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietajwańskim	nietajwański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajwańskim	nietajwański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietajwański	nietajwański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietajwański	nietajwański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietajwańsko	nietajwańsko	adv:pos		
nietajwańskościach	nietajwańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskościami	nietajwańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskością	nietajwańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskości	nietajwańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskości	nietajwańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskości	nietajwańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskości	nietajwańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskości	nietajwańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskościom	nietajwańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskość	nietajwańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietajwańskość	nietajwańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietacy	nietaki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaka	nietaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaką	nietaki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaką	nietaki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietakich	nietaki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietakich	nietaki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakich	nietaki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakiego	nietaki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietakiego	nietaki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakiej	nietaki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietakiej	nietaki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietakiej	nietaki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietakiemu	nietaki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakie	nietaki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakie	nietaki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakie	nietaki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietakie	nietaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietakimi	nietaki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakim	nietaki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakim	nietaki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakim	nietaki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaki	nietaki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaki	nietaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietakościach	nietakość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakościami	nietakość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakością	nietakość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakości	nietakość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakości	nietakość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakości	nietakość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakości	nietakość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakości	nietakość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakościom	nietakość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakość	nietakość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakość	nietakość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowościach	nietakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowościami	nietakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowością	nietakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowości	nietakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowości	nietakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowości	nietakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowości	nietakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowości	nietakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowościom	nietakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowość	nietakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowość	nietakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakowa	nietakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietakową	nietakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietakową	nietakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietakowego	nietakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietakowego	nietakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakowej	nietakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietakowej	nietakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietakowej	nietakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietakowemu	nietakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakowe	nietakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakowe	nietakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakowe	nietakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietakowe	nietakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietakowi	nietakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietakowych	nietakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietakowych	nietakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakowych	nietakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakowymi	nietakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakowym	nietakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakowym	nietakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakowym	nietakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakowy	nietakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietakowy	nietakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksacyjnościach	nietaksacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjnościami	nietaksacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjnością	nietaksacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjności	nietaksacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjności	nietaksacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjności	nietaksacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjności	nietaksacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjności	nietaksacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjnościom	nietaksacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjność	nietaksacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjność	nietaksacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksacyjna	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksacyjną	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksacyjną	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksacyjnego	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksacyjnego	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksacyjnej	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksacyjnej	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksacyjnej	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksacyjnemu	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksacyjne	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksacyjne	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksacyjne	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksacyjne	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksacyjni	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksacyjnych	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksacyjnych	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksacyjnych	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksacyjnymi	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksacyjnym	nietaksacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksacyjnym	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksacyjnym	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksacyjny	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksacyjny	nietaksacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksatorscy	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksatorska	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksatorską	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksatorską	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksatorskich	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksatorskich	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksatorskich	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksatorskiego	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksatorskiego	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksatorskiej	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksatorskiej	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksatorskiej	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksatorskiemu	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksatorskie	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksatorskie	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksatorskie	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksatorskie	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksatorskimi	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksatorskim	nietaksatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksatorskim	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksatorskim	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksatorski	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksatorski	nietaksatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksatorsko	nietaksatorsko	adv:pos		
nietaksatorskościach	nietaksatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskościami	nietaksatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskością	nietaksatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskości	nietaksatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskości	nietaksatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskości	nietaksatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskości	nietaksatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskości	nietaksatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskościom	nietaksatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskość	nietaksatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksatorskość	nietaksatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomicznościach	nietaksonomiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomicznościami	nietaksonomiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomicznością	nietaksonomiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczności	nietaksonomiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczności	nietaksonomiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczności	nietaksonomiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczności	nietaksonomiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczności	nietaksonomiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomicznościom	nietaksonomiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczność	nietaksonomiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczność	nietaksonomiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksonomiczna	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksonomiczną	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksonomiczną	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksonomicznego	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksonomicznego	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksonomicznej	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksonomicznej	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksonomicznej	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksonomicznemu	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksonomiczne	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksonomiczne	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksonomiczne	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksonomiczne	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksonomiczni	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksonomicznych	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksonomicznych	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksonomicznych	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksonomicznymi	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksonomicznym	nietaksonomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksonomicznym	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksonomicznym	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksonomiczny	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksonomiczny	nietaksonomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksowatościach	nietaksowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatościami	nietaksowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatością	nietaksowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatości	nietaksowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatości	nietaksowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatości	nietaksowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatości	nietaksowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatości	nietaksowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatościom	nietaksowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatość	nietaksowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowatość	nietaksowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowaci	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksowata	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksowatą	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksowatą	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksowatego	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksowatego	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowatej	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksowatej	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksowatej	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksowatemu	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowate	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowate	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowate	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksowate	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksowatych	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksowatych	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowatych	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowatymi	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowatym	nietaksowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowatym	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowatym	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowaty	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksowaty	nietaksowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksowościach	nietaksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowościami	nietaksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowością	nietaksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowości	nietaksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowości	nietaksowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowości	nietaksowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowości	nietaksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowości	nietaksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowościom	nietaksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowość	nietaksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowość	nietaksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksowa	nietaksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksową	nietaksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksową	nietaksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksowego	nietaksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksowego	nietaksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowej	nietaksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksowej	nietaksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksowej	nietaksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksowemu	nietaksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowe	nietaksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowe	nietaksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowe	nietaksowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksowe	nietaksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksowi	nietaksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksowych	nietaksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksowych	nietaksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowych	nietaksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowymi	nietaksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowym	nietaksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksowym	nietaksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowym	nietaksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksowy	nietaksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksowy	nietaksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksówkarscy	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksówkarska	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksówkarską	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksówkarską	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksówkarskich	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksówkarskich	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskich	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskiego	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksówkarskiego	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskiej	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksówkarskiej	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksówkarskiej	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksówkarskiemu	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskie	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskie	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskie	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksówkarskie	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksówkarskimi	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskim	nietaksówkarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskim	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkarskim	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkarski	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksówkarski	nietaksówkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksówkarsko	nietaksówkarsko	adv:pos		
nietaksówkarskościach	nietaksówkarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskościami	nietaksówkarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskością	nietaksówkarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskości	nietaksówkarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskości	nietaksówkarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskości	nietaksówkarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskości	nietaksówkarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskości	nietaksówkarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskościom	nietaksówkarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskość	nietaksówkarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkarskość	nietaksówkarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowościach	nietaksówkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowościami	nietaksówkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowością	nietaksówkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowości	nietaksówkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowości	nietaksówkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowości	nietaksówkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowości	nietaksówkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowości	nietaksówkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowościom	nietaksówkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowość	nietaksówkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowość	nietaksówkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksówkowa	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksówkową	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksówkową	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksówkowego	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksówkowego	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkowej	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksówkowej	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksówkowej	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksówkowemu	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkowe	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkowe	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkowe	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksówkowe	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksówkowi	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksówkowych	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksówkowych	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkowych	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkowymi	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkowym	nietaksówkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksówkowym	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkowym	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksówkowy	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksówkowy	nietaksówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaksująco	nietaksująco	adv:pos		
nietaksującościach	nietaksującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującościami	nietaksującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującością	nietaksującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującości	nietaksującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującości	nietaksującość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującości	nietaksującość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującości	nietaksującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującości	nietaksującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującościom	nietaksującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującość	nietaksującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksującość	nietaksującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaksująca	nietaksujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaksującą	nietaksujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaksującą	nietaksujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaksującego	nietaksujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaksującego	nietaksujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksującej	nietaksujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaksującej	nietaksujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaksującej	nietaksujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaksującemu	nietaksujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksujące	nietaksujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksujące	nietaksujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksujące	nietaksujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaksujące	nietaksujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaksujących	nietaksujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaksujących	nietaksujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksujących	nietaksujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksującymi	nietaksujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksującym	nietaksujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaksującym	nietaksujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksującym	nietaksujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaksujący	nietaksujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaksujący	nietaksujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaksujący	nietaksujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietakcie	nietakt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietakcie	nietakt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktach	nietakt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktami	nietakt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktem	nietakt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietakt	nietakt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktom	nietakt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowi	nietakt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktów	nietakt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktu	nietakt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietakty	nietakt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktownie	nietaktownie	adv:pos		
nietaktownościach	nietaktowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktownościami	nietaktowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktownością	nietaktowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowności	nietaktowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowności	nietaktowność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowności	nietaktowność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowności	nietaktowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowności	nietaktowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktownościom	nietaktowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowność	nietaktowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowność	nietaktowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowna	nietaktowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaktowną	nietaktowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaktowną	nietaktowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaktownego	nietaktowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaktownego	nietaktowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktownej	nietaktowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaktownej	nietaktowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaktownej	nietaktowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaktownemu	nietaktowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktowne	nietaktowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowne	nietaktowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowne	nietaktowny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaktowne	nietaktowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaktowni	nietaktowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaktownych	nietaktowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaktownych	nietaktowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktownych	nietaktowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktownymi	nietaktowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktownym	nietaktowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktownym	nietaktowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktownym	nietaktowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktowny	nietaktowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaktowny	nietaktowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaktowościach	nietaktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowościami	nietaktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowością	nietaktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowości	nietaktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowości	nietaktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowości	nietaktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowości	nietaktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowości	nietaktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowościom	nietaktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowość	nietaktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowość	nietaktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktowa	nietaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaktową	nietaktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaktową	nietaktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaktowego	nietaktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaktowego	nietaktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktowej	nietaktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaktowej	nietaktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaktowej	nietaktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaktowemu	nietaktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktowe	nietaktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowe	nietaktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowe	nietaktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaktowe	nietaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaktowi	nietaktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaktowych	nietaktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaktowych	nietaktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowych	nietaktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowymi	nietaktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowym	nietaktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktowym	nietaktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktowym	nietaktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktowy	nietaktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaktowy	nietaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaktycznie	nietaktycznie	adv:pos		
nietaktycznościach	nietaktyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktycznościami	nietaktyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktycznością	nietaktyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczności	nietaktyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczności	nietaktyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczności	nietaktyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczności	nietaktyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczności	nietaktyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktycznościom	nietaktyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczność	nietaktyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczność	nietaktyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktyczna	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaktyczną	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaktyczną	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaktycznego	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaktycznego	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktycznej	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaktycznej	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaktycznej	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaktycznemu	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktyczne	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktyczne	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktyczne	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaktyczne	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaktyczni	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaktycznych	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaktycznych	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktycznych	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktycznymi	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktycznym	nietaktyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktycznym	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktycznym	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktyczny	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaktyczny	nietaktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaktylnościach	nietaktylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylnościami	nietaktylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylnością	nietaktylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylności	nietaktylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylności	nietaktylność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylności	nietaktylność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylności	nietaktylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylności	nietaktylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylnościom	nietaktylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylność	nietaktylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylność	nietaktylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaktylna	nietaktylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaktylną	nietaktylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaktylną	nietaktylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaktylnego	nietaktylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaktylnego	nietaktylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktylnej	nietaktylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaktylnej	nietaktylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaktylnej	nietaktylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaktylnemu	nietaktylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktylne	nietaktylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktylne	nietaktylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktylne	nietaktylny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaktylne	nietaktylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaktylni	nietaktylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaktylnych	nietaktylny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaktylnych	nietaktylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktylnych	nietaktylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktylnymi	nietaktylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktylnym	nietaktylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaktylnym	nietaktylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktylnym	nietaktylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaktylny	nietaktylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaktylny	nietaktylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietakusieńcy	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietakusieńka	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietakusieńką	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietakusieńką	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietakusieńkich	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietakusieńkich	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakusieńkich	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakusieńkiego	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietakusieńkiego	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakusieńkiej	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietakusieńkiej	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietakusieńkiej	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietakusieńkiemu	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakusieńkie	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakusieńkie	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakusieńkie	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietakusieńkie	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietakusieńkimi	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakusieńkim	nietakusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakusieńkim	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakusieńkim	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakusieńki	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietakusieńki	nietakusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietakusieńko	nietakusieńko	adv:pos		
nietakusieńkościach	nietakusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkościami	nietakusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkością	nietakusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkości	nietakusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkości	nietakusieńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkości	nietakusieńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkości	nietakusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkości	nietakusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkościom	nietakusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkość	nietakusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakusieńkość	nietakusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuścy	nietakuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietakuśka	nietakuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietakuśką	nietakuśki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietakuśką	nietakuśki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietakuśkich	nietakuśki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietakuśkich	nietakuśki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuśkich	nietakuśki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuśkiego	nietakuśki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietakuśkiego	nietakuśki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuśkiej	nietakuśki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietakuśkiej	nietakuśki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietakuśkiej	nietakuśki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietakuśkiemu	nietakuśki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuśkie	nietakuśki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuśkie	nietakuśki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuśkie	nietakuśki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietakuśkie	nietakuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietakuśkimi	nietakuśki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuśkim	nietakuśki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuśkim	nietakuśki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuśkim	nietakuśki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuśki	nietakuśki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietakuśki	nietakuśki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietakuśko	nietakuśko	adv:pos		
nietakuśkościach	nietakuśkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkościami	nietakuśkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkością	nietakuśkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkości	nietakuśkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkości	nietakuśkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkości	nietakuśkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkości	nietakuśkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkości	nietakuśkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkościom	nietakuśkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkość	nietakuśkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuśkość	nietakuśkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńcy	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietakuteńka	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietakuteńką	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietakuteńką	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietakuteńkich	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietakuteńkich	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuteńkich	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuteńkiego	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietakuteńkiego	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuteńkiej	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietakuteńkiej	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietakuteńkiej	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietakuteńkiemu	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuteńkie	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuteńkie	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuteńkie	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietakuteńkie	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietakuteńkimi	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuteńkim	nietakuteńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietakuteńkim	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuteńkim	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietakuteńki	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietakuteńki	nietakuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietakuteńko	nietakuteńko	adv:pos		
nietakuteńkościach	nietakuteńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkościami	nietakuteńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkością	nietakuteńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkości	nietakuteńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkości	nietakuteńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkości	nietakuteńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkości	nietakuteńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkości	nietakuteńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkościom	nietakuteńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkość	nietakuteńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietakuteńkość	nietakuteńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowościach	nietalarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowościami	nietalarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowością	nietalarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowości	nietalarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowości	nietalarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowości	nietalarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowości	nietalarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowości	nietalarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowościom	nietalarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowość	nietalarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowość	nietalarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalarowa	nietalarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalarową	nietalarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalarową	nietalarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalarowego	nietalarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalarowego	nietalarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalarowej	nietalarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalarowej	nietalarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalarowej	nietalarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalarowemu	nietalarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalarowe	nietalarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalarowe	nietalarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalarowe	nietalarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalarowe	nietalarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalarowi	nietalarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalarowych	nietalarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalarowych	nietalarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalarowych	nietalarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalarowymi	nietalarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalarowym	nietalarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalarowym	nietalarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalarowym	nietalarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalarowy	nietalarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalarowy	nietalarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalerzowatościach	nietalerzowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatościami	nietalerzowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatością	nietalerzowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatości	nietalerzowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatości	nietalerzowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatości	nietalerzowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatości	nietalerzowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatości	nietalerzowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatościom	nietalerzowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatość	nietalerzowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowatość	nietalerzowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowaci	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalerzowata	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalerzowatą	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalerzowatą	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalerzowatego	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalerzowatego	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowatej	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalerzowatej	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalerzowatej	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalerzowatemu	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowate	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowate	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowate	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalerzowate	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalerzowatych	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalerzowatych	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowatych	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowatymi	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowatym	nietalerzowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowatym	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowatym	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowaty	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalerzowaty	nietalerzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalerzowościach	nietalerzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowościami	nietalerzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowością	nietalerzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowości	nietalerzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowości	nietalerzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowości	nietalerzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowości	nietalerzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowości	nietalerzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowościom	nietalerzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowość	nietalerzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowość	nietalerzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzowa	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalerzową	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalerzową	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalerzowego	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalerzowego	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowej	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalerzowej	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalerzowej	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalerzowemu	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowe	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowe	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowe	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalerzowe	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalerzowi	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalerzowych	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalerzowych	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowych	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowymi	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowym	nietalerzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzowym	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowym	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzowy	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalerzowy	nietalerzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalerzykowatościach	nietalerzykowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatościami	nietalerzykowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatością	nietalerzykowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatości	nietalerzykowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatości	nietalerzykowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatości	nietalerzykowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatości	nietalerzykowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatości	nietalerzykowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatościom	nietalerzykowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatość	nietalerzykowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowatość	nietalerzykowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowaci	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalerzykowata	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalerzykowatą	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalerzykowatą	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalerzykowatego	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalerzykowatego	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowatej	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalerzykowatej	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalerzykowatej	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalerzykowatemu	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowate	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowate	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowate	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalerzykowate	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalerzykowatych	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalerzykowatych	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowatych	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowatymi	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowatym	nietalerzykowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowatym	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowatym	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowaty	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalerzykowaty	nietalerzykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalerzykowościach	nietalerzykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowościami	nietalerzykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowością	nietalerzykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowości	nietalerzykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowości	nietalerzykowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowości	nietalerzykowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowości	nietalerzykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowości	nietalerzykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowościom	nietalerzykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowość	nietalerzykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowość	nietalerzykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalerzykowa	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalerzykową	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalerzykową	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalerzykowego	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalerzykowego	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowej	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalerzykowej	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalerzykowej	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalerzykowemu	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowe	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowe	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowe	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalerzykowe	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalerzykowi	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalerzykowych	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalerzykowych	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowych	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowymi	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowym	nietalerzykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalerzykowym	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowym	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalerzykowy	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalerzykowy	nietalerzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalibańscy	nietalibański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalibańska	nietalibański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalibańską	nietalibański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalibańską	nietalibański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalibańskich	nietalibański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalibańskich	nietalibański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibańskich	nietalibański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibańskiego	nietalibański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalibańskiego	nietalibański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibańskiej	nietalibański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalibańskiej	nietalibański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalibańskiej	nietalibański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalibańskiemu	nietalibański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibańskie	nietalibański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibańskie	nietalibański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibańskie	nietalibański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalibańskie	nietalibański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalibańskimi	nietalibański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibańskim	nietalibański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibańskim	nietalibański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibańskim	nietalibański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibański	nietalibański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalibański	nietalibański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalibańsko	nietalibańsko	adv:pos		
nietalibańskościach	nietalibańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskościami	nietalibańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskością	nietalibańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskości	nietalibańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskości	nietalibańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskości	nietalibańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskości	nietalibańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskości	nietalibańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskościom	nietalibańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskość	nietalibańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibańskość	nietalibańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibscy	nietalibski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalibska	nietalibski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalibską	nietalibski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalibską	nietalibski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalibskich	nietalibski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalibskich	nietalibski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibskich	nietalibski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibskiego	nietalibski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalibskiego	nietalibski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibskiej	nietalibski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalibskiej	nietalibski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalibskiej	nietalibski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalibskiemu	nietalibski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibskie	nietalibski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibskie	nietalibski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibskie	nietalibski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalibskie	nietalibski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalibskimi	nietalibski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibskim	nietalibski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalibskim	nietalibski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibskim	nietalibski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalibski	nietalibski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalibski	nietalibski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalibsko	nietalibsko	adv:pos		
nietalibskościach	nietalibskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskościami	nietalibskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskością	nietalibskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskości	nietalibskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskości	nietalibskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskości	nietalibskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskości	nietalibskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskości	nietalibskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskościom	nietalibskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskość	nietalibskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalibskość	nietalibskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowanościach	nietaliowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowanościami	nietaliowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowanością	nietaliowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowaności	nietaliowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowaności	nietaliowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowaności	nietaliowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowaności	nietaliowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowaności	nietaliowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowanościom	nietaliowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowaność	nietaliowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowaność	nietaliowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaliowana	nietaliowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaliowaną	nietaliowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaliowaną	nietaliowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaliowanego	nietaliowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaliowanego	nietaliowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaliowanej	nietaliowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaliowanej	nietaliowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaliowanej	nietaliowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaliowanemu	nietaliowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaliowane	nietaliowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaliowane	nietaliowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaliowane	nietaliowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaliowane	nietaliowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaliowani	nietaliowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaliowanych	nietaliowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaliowanych	nietaliowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaliowanych	nietaliowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaliowanymi	nietaliowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaliowanym	nietaliowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaliowanym	nietaliowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaliowanym	nietaliowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaliowany	nietaliowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaliowany	nietaliowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalizmanowościach	nietalizmanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowościami	nietalizmanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowością	nietalizmanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowości	nietalizmanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowości	nietalizmanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowości	nietalizmanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowości	nietalizmanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowości	nietalizmanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowościom	nietalizmanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowość	nietalizmanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowość	nietalizmanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalizmanowa	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalizmanową	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalizmanową	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalizmanowego	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalizmanowego	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalizmanowej	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalizmanowej	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalizmanowej	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalizmanowemu	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalizmanowe	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalizmanowe	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalizmanowe	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalizmanowe	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalizmanowi	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalizmanowych	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalizmanowych	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalizmanowych	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalizmanowymi	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalizmanowym	nietalizmanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalizmanowym	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalizmanowym	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalizmanowy	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalizmanowy	nietalizmanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalkowościach	nietalkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowościami	nietalkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowością	nietalkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowości	nietalkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowości	nietalkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowości	nietalkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowości	nietalkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowości	nietalkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowościom	nietalkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowość	nietalkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowość	nietalkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalkowa	nietalkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalkową	nietalkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalkową	nietalkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalkowego	nietalkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalkowego	nietalkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalkowej	nietalkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalkowej	nietalkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalkowej	nietalkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalkowemu	nietalkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalkowe	nietalkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalkowe	nietalkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalkowe	nietalkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalkowe	nietalkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalkowi	nietalkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalkowych	nietalkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalkowych	nietalkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalkowych	nietalkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalkowymi	nietalkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalkowym	nietalkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalkowym	nietalkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalkowym	nietalkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalkowy	nietalkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalkowy	nietalkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietallińscy	nietalliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietallińska	nietalliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietallińską	nietalliński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietallińską	nietalliński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietallińskich	nietalliński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietallińskich	nietalliński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietallińskich	nietalliński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietallińskiego	nietalliński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietallińskiego	nietalliński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietallińskiej	nietalliński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietallińskiej	nietalliński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietallińskiej	nietalliński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietallińskiemu	nietalliński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietallińskie	nietalliński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietallińskie	nietalliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietallińskie	nietalliński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietallińskie	nietalliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietallińskimi	nietalliński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietallińskim	nietalliński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietallińskim	nietalliński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietallińskim	nietalliński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalliński	nietalliński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalliński	nietalliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietallińsko	nietallińsko	adv:pos		
nietallińskościach	nietallińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskościami	nietallińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskością	nietallińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskości	nietallińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskości	nietallińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskości	nietallińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskości	nietallińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskości	nietallińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskościom	nietallińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskość	nietallińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietallińskość	nietallińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowościach	nietalmigoldowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowościami	nietalmigoldowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowością	nietalmigoldowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowości	nietalmigoldowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowości	nietalmigoldowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowości	nietalmigoldowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowości	nietalmigoldowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowości	nietalmigoldowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowościom	nietalmigoldowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowość	nietalmigoldowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowość	nietalmigoldowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmigoldowa	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalmigoldową	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalmigoldową	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalmigoldowego	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalmigoldowego	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowej	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalmigoldowej	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalmigoldowej	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalmigoldowemu	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowe	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowe	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowe	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalmigoldowe	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalmigoldowi	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalmigoldowych	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalmigoldowych	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowych	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowymi	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowym	nietalmigoldowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowym	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowym	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmigoldowy	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalmigoldowy	nietalmigoldowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalmudowościach	nietalmudowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowościami	nietalmudowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowością	nietalmudowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowości	nietalmudowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowości	nietalmudowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowości	nietalmudowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowości	nietalmudowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowości	nietalmudowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowościom	nietalmudowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowość	nietalmudowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowość	nietalmudowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudowa	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalmudową	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalmudową	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalmudowego	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalmudowego	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudowej	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalmudowej	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalmudowej	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalmudowemu	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudowe	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudowe	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudowe	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalmudowe	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalmudowi	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalmudowych	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalmudowych	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudowych	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudowymi	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudowym	nietalmudowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudowym	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudowym	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudowy	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalmudowy	nietalmudowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalmudycznie	nietalmudycznie	adv:pos		
nietalmudycznościach	nietalmudyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudycznościami	nietalmudyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudycznością	nietalmudyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczności	nietalmudyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczności	nietalmudyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczności	nietalmudyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczności	nietalmudyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczności	nietalmudyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudycznościom	nietalmudyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczność	nietalmudyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczność	nietalmudyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalmudyczna	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalmudyczną	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalmudyczną	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalmudycznego	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalmudycznego	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudycznej	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalmudycznej	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalmudycznej	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalmudycznemu	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudyczne	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudyczne	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudyczne	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalmudyczne	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalmudyczni	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalmudycznych	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalmudycznych	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudycznych	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudycznymi	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudycznym	nietalmudyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalmudycznym	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudycznym	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalmudyczny	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalmudyczny	nietalmudyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalonowościach	nietalonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowościami	nietalonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowością	nietalonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowości	nietalonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowości	nietalonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowości	nietalonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowości	nietalonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowości	nietalonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowościom	nietalonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowość	nietalonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowość	nietalonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalonowa	nietalonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalonową	nietalonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalonową	nietalonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalonowego	nietalonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalonowego	nietalonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalonowej	nietalonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalonowej	nietalonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalonowej	nietalonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalonowemu	nietalonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalonowe	nietalonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalonowe	nietalonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalonowe	nietalonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalonowe	nietalonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalonowi	nietalonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalonowych	nietalonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalonowych	nietalonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalonowych	nietalonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalonowymi	nietalonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalonowym	nietalonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalonowym	nietalonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalonowym	nietalonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalonowy	nietalonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalonowy	nietalonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietalowościach	nietalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowościami	nietalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowością	nietalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowości	nietalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowości	nietalowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowości	nietalowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowości	nietalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowości	nietalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowościom	nietalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowość	nietalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowość	nietalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietalowa	nietalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietalową	nietalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietalową	nietalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietalowego	nietalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietalowego	nietalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalowej	nietalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietalowej	nietalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietalowej	nietalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietalowemu	nietalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalowe	nietalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalowe	nietalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalowe	nietalowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietalowe	nietalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietalowi	nietalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietalowych	nietalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietalowych	nietalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalowych	nietalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalowymi	nietalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalowym	nietalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietalowym	nietalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalowym	nietalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietalowy	nietalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietalowy	nietalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietałtańscy	nietałtański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietałtańska	nietałtański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietałtańską	nietałtański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietałtańską	nietałtański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietałtańskich	nietałtański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietałtańskich	nietałtański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietałtańskich	nietałtański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietałtańskiego	nietałtański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietałtańskiego	nietałtański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietałtańskiej	nietałtański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietałtańskiej	nietałtański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietałtańskiej	nietałtański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietałtańskiemu	nietałtański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietałtańskie	nietałtański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietałtańskie	nietałtański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietałtańskie	nietałtański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietałtańskie	nietałtański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietałtańskimi	nietałtański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietałtańskim	nietałtański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietałtańskim	nietałtański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietałtańskim	nietałtański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietałtański	nietałtański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietałtański	nietałtański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietałtańsko	nietałtańsko	adv:pos		
nietałtańskościach	nietałtańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskościami	nietałtańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskością	nietałtańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskości	nietałtańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskości	nietałtańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskości	nietałtańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskości	nietałtańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskości	nietałtańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskościom	nietałtańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskość	nietałtańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietałtańskość	nietałtańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowościach	nietamaryndowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowościami	nietamaryndowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowością	nietamaryndowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowości	nietamaryndowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowości	nietamaryndowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowości	nietamaryndowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowości	nietamaryndowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowości	nietamaryndowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowościom	nietamaryndowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowość	nietamaryndowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowość	nietamaryndowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryndowa	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamaryndową	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamaryndową	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamaryndowego	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamaryndowego	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryndowej	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamaryndowej	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamaryndowej	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamaryndowemu	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryndowe	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryndowe	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryndowe	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamaryndowe	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamaryndowi	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamaryndowych	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamaryndowych	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryndowych	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryndowymi	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryndowym	nietamaryndowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryndowym	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryndowym	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryndowy	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamaryndowy	nietamaryndowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamaryszkowatościach	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatościami	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatością	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatości	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatości	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatości	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatości	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatości	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatościom	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatość	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowatość	nietamaryszkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowaci	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamaryszkowata	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowatą	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowatą	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowatego	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamaryszkowatego	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowatej	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowatej	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowatej	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowatemu	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowate	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowate	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowate	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamaryszkowate	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamaryszkowatych	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamaryszkowatych	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowatych	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowatymi	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowatym	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowatym	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowatym	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowaty	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamaryszkowaty	nietamaryszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamaryszkowościach	nietamaryszkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowościami	nietamaryszkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowością	nietamaryszkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowości	nietamaryszkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowości	nietamaryszkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowości	nietamaryszkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowości	nietamaryszkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowości	nietamaryszkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowościom	nietamaryszkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowość	nietamaryszkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowość	nietamaryszkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamaryszkowa	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamaryszkową	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamaryszkową	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowego	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamaryszkowego	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowej	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowej	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowej	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamaryszkowemu	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowe	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowe	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowe	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamaryszkowe	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamaryszkowi	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamaryszkowych	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamaryszkowych	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowych	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowymi	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowym	nietamaryszkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowym	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowym	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamaryszkowy	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamaryszkowy	nietamaryszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietambormajorscy	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietambormajorska	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietambormajorską	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietambormajorską	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietambormajorskich	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietambormajorskich	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambormajorskich	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambormajorskiego	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietambormajorskiego	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambormajorskiej	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietambormajorskiej	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietambormajorskiej	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietambormajorskiemu	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambormajorskie	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambormajorskie	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambormajorskie	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietambormajorskie	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietambormajorskimi	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambormajorskim	nietambormajorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambormajorskim	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambormajorskim	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambormajorski	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietambormajorski	nietambormajorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietambormajorsko	nietambormajorsko	adv:pos		
nietambormajorskościach	nietambormajorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskościami	nietambormajorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskością	nietambormajorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskości	nietambormajorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskości	nietambormajorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskości	nietambormajorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskości	nietambormajorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskości	nietambormajorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskościom	nietambormajorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskość	nietambormajorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambormajorskość	nietambormajorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowscy	nietambowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietambowska	nietambowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietambowską	nietambowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietambowską	nietambowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietambowskich	nietambowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietambowskich	nietambowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambowskich	nietambowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambowskiego	nietambowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietambowskiego	nietambowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambowskiej	nietambowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietambowskiej	nietambowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietambowskiej	nietambowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietambowskiemu	nietambowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambowskie	nietambowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambowskie	nietambowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambowskie	nietambowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietambowskie	nietambowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietambowskimi	nietambowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambowskim	nietambowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietambowskim	nietambowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambowskim	nietambowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietambowski	nietambowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietambowski	nietambowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietambowsko	nietambowsko	adv:pos		
nietambowskościach	nietambowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskościami	nietambowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskością	nietambowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskości	nietambowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskości	nietambowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskości	nietambowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskości	nietambowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskości	nietambowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskościom	nietambowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskość	nietambowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietambowskość	nietambowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamecznościach	nietameczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamecznościami	nietameczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamecznością	nietameczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczności	nietameczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczności	nietameczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczności	nietameczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczności	nietameczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczności	nietameczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamecznościom	nietameczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczność	nietameczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczność	nietameczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietameczna	nietameczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietameczną	nietameczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietameczną	nietameczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamecznego	nietameczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamecznego	nietameczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamecznej	nietameczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamecznej	nietameczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamecznej	nietameczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamecznemu	nietameczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietameczne	nietameczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietameczne	nietameczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietameczne	nietameczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietameczne	nietameczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietameczni	nietameczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamecznych	nietameczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamecznych	nietameczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamecznych	nietameczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamecznymi	nietameczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamecznym	nietameczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamecznym	nietameczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamecznym	nietameczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietameczny	nietameczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietameczny	nietameczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamilscy	nietamilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamilska	nietamilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamilską	nietamilski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamilską	nietamilski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamilskich	nietamilski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamilskich	nietamilski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamilskich	nietamilski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamilskiego	nietamilski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamilskiego	nietamilski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamilskiej	nietamilski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamilskiej	nietamilski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamilskiej	nietamilski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamilskiemu	nietamilski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamilskie	nietamilski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamilskie	nietamilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamilskie	nietamilski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamilskie	nietamilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamilskimi	nietamilski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamilskim	nietamilski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamilskim	nietamilski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamilskim	nietamilski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamilski	nietamilski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamilski	nietamilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamilsko	nietamilsko	adv:pos		
nietamilskościach	nietamilskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskościami	nietamilskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskością	nietamilskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskości	nietamilskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskości	nietamilskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskości	nietamilskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskości	nietamilskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskości	nietamilskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskościom	nietamilskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskość	nietamilskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamilskość	nietamilskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowościach	nietamowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowościami	nietamowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowością	nietamowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowości	nietamowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowości	nietamowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowości	nietamowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowości	nietamowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowości	nietamowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowościom	nietamowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowość	nietamowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowość	nietamowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamowa	nietamowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamową	nietamowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamową	nietamowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamowego	nietamowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamowego	nietamowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamowej	nietamowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamowej	nietamowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamowej	nietamowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamowemu	nietamowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamowe	nietamowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamowe	nietamowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamowe	nietamowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamowe	nietamowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamowi	nietamowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamowych	nietamowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamowych	nietamowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamowych	nietamowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamowymi	nietamowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamowym	nietamowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamowym	nietamowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamowym	nietamowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamowy	nietamowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamowy	nietamowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamtejszościach	nietamtejszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszościami	nietamtejszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszością	nietamtejszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszości	nietamtejszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszości	nietamtejszość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszości	nietamtejszość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszości	nietamtejszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszości	nietamtejszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszościom	nietamtejszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszość	nietamtejszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejszość	nietamtejszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtejsi	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamtejsza	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamtejszą	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamtejszą	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamtejszego	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamtejszego	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtejszej	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamtejszej	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamtejszej	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamtejszemu	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtejsze	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtejsze	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtejsze	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamtejsze	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamtejszych	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamtejszych	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtejszych	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtejszymi	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtejszym	nietamtejszy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtejszym	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtejszym	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtejszy	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamtejszy	nietamtejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamtoczasowościach	nietamtoczasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowościami	nietamtoczasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowością	nietamtoczasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowości	nietamtoczasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowości	nietamtoczasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowości	nietamtoczasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowości	nietamtoczasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowości	nietamtoczasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowościom	nietamtoczasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowość	nietamtoczasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowość	nietamtoczasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczasowa	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamtoczasową	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamtoczasową	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamtoczasowego	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamtoczasowego	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowej	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamtoczasowej	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamtoczasowej	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamtoczasowemu	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowe	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowe	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowe	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamtoczasowe	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamtoczasowi	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamtoczasowych	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamtoczasowych	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowych	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowymi	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowym	nietamtoczasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowym	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowym	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczasowy	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamtoczasowy	nietamtoczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamtoczesnościach	nietamtoczesność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesnościami	nietamtoczesność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesnością	nietamtoczesność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesności	nietamtoczesność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesności	nietamtoczesność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesności	nietamtoczesność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesności	nietamtoczesność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesności	nietamtoczesność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesnościom	nietamtoczesność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesność	nietamtoczesność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesność	nietamtoczesność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoczesna	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamtoczesną	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamtoczesną	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamtoczesnego	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamtoczesnego	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczesnej	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamtoczesnej	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamtoczesnej	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamtoczesnemu	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczesne	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczesne	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczesne	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamtoczesne	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamtoczesnych	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamtoczesnych	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczesnych	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczesnymi	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczesnym	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoczesnym	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczesnym	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoczesny	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamtoczesny	nietamtoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamtocześni	nietamtoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamtorocznościach	nietamtoroczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtorocznościami	nietamtoroczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtorocznością	nietamtoroczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczności	nietamtoroczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczności	nietamtoroczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczności	nietamtoroczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczności	nietamtoroczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczności	nietamtoroczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtorocznościom	nietamtoroczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczność	nietamtoroczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczność	nietamtoroczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtoroczna	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamtoroczną	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamtoroczną	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamtorocznego	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamtorocznego	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtorocznej	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamtorocznej	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamtorocznej	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamtorocznemu	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoroczne	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoroczne	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtoroczne	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamtoroczne	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamtoroczni	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamtorocznych	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamtorocznych	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtorocznych	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtorocznymi	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtorocznym	nietamtoroczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtorocznym	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtorocznym	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtoroczny	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamtoroczny	nietamtoroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietamtowiecznościach	nietamtowieczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowiecznościami	nietamtowieczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowiecznością	nietamtowieczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczności	nietamtowieczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczności	nietamtowieczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczności	nietamtowieczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczności	nietamtowieczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczności	nietamtowieczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowiecznościom	nietamtowieczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczność	nietamtowieczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczność	nietamtowieczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietamtowieczna	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietamtowieczną	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietamtowieczną	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietamtowiecznego	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietamtowiecznego	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtowiecznej	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietamtowiecznej	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietamtowiecznej	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietamtowiecznemu	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtowieczne	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtowieczne	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtowieczne	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietamtowieczne	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietamtowieczni	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietamtowiecznych	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietamtowiecznych	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtowiecznych	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtowiecznymi	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtowiecznym	nietamtowieczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietamtowiecznym	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtowiecznym	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietamtowieczny	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietamtowieczny	nietamtowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanagryjscy	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietanagryjska	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietanagryjską	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietanagryjską	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietanagryjskich	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietanagryjskich	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanagryjskich	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanagryjskiego	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietanagryjskiego	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanagryjskiej	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietanagryjskiej	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietanagryjskiej	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietanagryjskiemu	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanagryjskie	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanagryjskie	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanagryjskie	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietanagryjskie	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietanagryjskimi	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanagryjskim	nietanagryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanagryjskim	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanagryjskim	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanagryjski	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietanagryjski	nietanagryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanagryjsko	nietanagryjsko	adv:pos		
nietanagryjskościach	nietanagryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskościami	nietanagryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskością	nietanagryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskości	nietanagryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskości	nietanagryjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskości	nietanagryjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskości	nietanagryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskości	nietanagryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskościom	nietanagryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskość	nietanagryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanagryjskość	nietanagryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerscy	nietancerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietancerska	nietancerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietancerską	nietancerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietancerską	nietancerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietancerskich	nietancerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietancerskich	nietancerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietancerskich	nietancerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietancerskiego	nietancerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietancerskiego	nietancerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietancerskiej	nietancerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietancerskiej	nietancerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietancerskiej	nietancerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietancerskiemu	nietancerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietancerskie	nietancerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietancerskie	nietancerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietancerskie	nietancerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietancerskie	nietancerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietancerskimi	nietancerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietancerskim	nietancerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietancerskim	nietancerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietancerskim	nietancerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietancerski	nietancerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietancerski	nietancerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietancersko	nietancersko	adv:pos		
nietancerskościach	nietancerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskościami	nietancerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskością	nietancerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskości	nietancerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskości	nietancerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskości	nietancerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskości	nietancerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskości	nietancerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskościom	nietancerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskość	nietancerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietancerskość	nietancerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarscy	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietandeciarska	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietandeciarską	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietandeciarską	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietandeciarskich	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietandeciarskich	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeciarskich	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeciarskiego	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietandeciarskiego	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandeciarskiej	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietandeciarskiej	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietandeciarskiej	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietandeciarskiemu	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandeciarskie	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeciarskie	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeciarskie	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietandeciarskie	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietandeciarskimi	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeciarskim	nietandeciarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeciarskim	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandeciarskim	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandeciarski	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietandeciarski	nietandeciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietandeciarsko	nietandeciarsko	adv:pos		
nietandeciarskościach	nietandeciarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskościami	nietandeciarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskością	nietandeciarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskości	nietandeciarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskości	nietandeciarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskości	nietandeciarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskości	nietandeciarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskości	nietandeciarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskościom	nietandeciarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskość	nietandeciarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeciarskość	nietandeciarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeccy	nietandecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietandecka	nietandecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietandecką	nietandecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietandecką	nietandecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietandeckich	nietandecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietandeckich	nietandecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeckich	nietandecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeckiego	nietandecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietandeckiego	nietandecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandeckiej	nietandecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietandeckiej	nietandecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietandeckiej	nietandecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietandeckiemu	nietandecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandeckie	nietandecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeckie	nietandecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeckie	nietandecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietandeckie	nietandecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietandeckimi	nietandecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeckim	nietandecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandeckim	nietandecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandeckim	nietandecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandecki	nietandecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietandecki	nietandecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietandecko	nietandecko	adv:pos		
nietandeckościach	nietandeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckościami	nietandeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckością	nietandeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckości	nietandeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckości	nietandeckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckości	nietandeckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckości	nietandeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckości	nietandeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckościom	nietandeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckość	nietandeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandeckość	nietandeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowościach	nietandemowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowościami	nietandemowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowością	nietandemowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowości	nietandemowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowości	nietandemowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowości	nietandemowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowości	nietandemowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowości	nietandemowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowościom	nietandemowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowość	nietandemowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowość	nietandemowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandemowa	nietandemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietandemową	nietandemowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietandemową	nietandemowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietandemowego	nietandemowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietandemowego	nietandemowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandemowej	nietandemowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietandemowej	nietandemowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietandemowej	nietandemowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietandemowemu	nietandemowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandemowe	nietandemowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandemowe	nietandemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandemowe	nietandemowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietandemowe	nietandemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietandemowi	nietandemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietandemowych	nietandemowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietandemowych	nietandemowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandemowych	nietandemowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandemowymi	nietandemowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandemowym	nietandemowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandemowym	nietandemowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandemowym	nietandemowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandemowy	nietandemowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietandemowy	nietandemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietandetnie	nietandetnie	adv:pos		
nietandetnościach	nietandetność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetnościami	nietandetność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetnością	nietandetność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetności	nietandetność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetności	nietandetność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetności	nietandetność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetności	nietandetność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetności	nietandetność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetnościom	nietandetność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetność	nietandetność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetność	nietandetność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetna	nietandetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietandetną	nietandetny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietandetną	nietandetny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietandetnego	nietandetny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietandetnego	nietandetny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetnej	nietandetny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietandetnej	nietandetny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietandetnej	nietandetny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietandetnemu	nietandetny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetne	nietandetny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetne	nietandetny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetne	nietandetny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietandetne	nietandetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietandetni	nietandetny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietandetnych	nietandetny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietandetnych	nietandetny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetnych	nietandetny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetnymi	nietandetny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetnym	nietandetny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetnym	nietandetny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetnym	nietandetny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetny	nietandetny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietandetny	nietandetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietandetowościach	nietandetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowościami	nietandetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowością	nietandetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowości	nietandetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowości	nietandetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowości	nietandetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowości	nietandetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowości	nietandetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowościom	nietandetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowość	nietandetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowość	nietandetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietandetowa	nietandetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietandetową	nietandetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietandetową	nietandetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietandetowego	nietandetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietandetowego	nietandetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetowej	nietandetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietandetowej	nietandetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietandetowej	nietandetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietandetowemu	nietandetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetowe	nietandetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetowe	nietandetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetowe	nietandetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietandetowe	nietandetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietandetowi	nietandetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietandetowych	nietandetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietandetowych	nietandetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetowych	nietandetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetowymi	nietandetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetowym	nietandetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietandetowym	nietandetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetowym	nietandetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietandetowy	nietandetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietandetowy	nietandetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanecznie	nietanecznie	adv:pos		
nietanecznościach	nietaneczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanecznościami	nietaneczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanecznością	nietaneczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczności	nietaneczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczności	nietaneczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczności	nietaneczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczności	nietaneczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczności	nietaneczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanecznościom	nietaneczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczność	nietaneczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczność	nietaneczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaneczna	nietaneczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaneczną	nietaneczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaneczną	nietaneczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietanecznego	nietaneczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietanecznego	nietaneczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanecznej	nietaneczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietanecznej	nietaneczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietanecznej	nietaneczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietanecznemu	nietaneczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaneczne	nietaneczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaneczne	nietaneczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaneczne	nietaneczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaneczne	nietaneczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaneczni	nietaneczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietanecznych	nietaneczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietanecznych	nietaneczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanecznych	nietaneczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanecznymi	nietaneczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanecznym	nietaneczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanecznym	nietaneczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanecznym	nietaneczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaneczny	nietaneczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaneczny	nietaneczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanganiccy	nietanganicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietanganicka	nietanganicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietanganicką	nietanganicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietanganicką	nietanganicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietanganickich	nietanganicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietanganickich	nietanganicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanganickich	nietanganicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanganickiego	nietanganicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietanganickiego	nietanganicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanganickiej	nietanganicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietanganickiej	nietanganicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietanganickiej	nietanganicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietanganickiemu	nietanganicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanganickie	nietanganicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanganickie	nietanganicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanganickie	nietanganicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietanganickie	nietanganicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietanganickimi	nietanganicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanganickim	nietanganicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanganickim	nietanganicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanganickim	nietanganicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanganicki	nietanganicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietanganicki	nietanganicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanganicko	nietanganicko	adv:pos		
nietanganickościach	nietanganickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickościami	nietanganickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickością	nietanganickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickości	nietanganickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickości	nietanganickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickości	nietanganickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickości	nietanganickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickości	nietanganickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickościom	nietanganickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickość	nietanganickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanganickość	nietanganickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerscy	nietangerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietangerska	nietangerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietangerską	nietangerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietangerską	nietangerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietangerskich	nietangerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietangerskich	nietangerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietangerskich	nietangerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietangerskiego	nietangerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietangerskiego	nietangerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietangerskiej	nietangerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietangerskiej	nietangerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietangerskiej	nietangerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietangerskiemu	nietangerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietangerskie	nietangerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietangerskie	nietangerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietangerskie	nietangerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietangerskie	nietangerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietangerskimi	nietangerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietangerskim	nietangerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietangerskim	nietangerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietangerskim	nietangerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietangerski	nietangerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietangerski	nietangerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietangersko	nietangersko	adv:pos		
nietangerskościach	nietangerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskościami	nietangerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskością	nietangerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskości	nietangerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskości	nietangerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskości	nietangerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskości	nietangerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskości	nietangerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskościom	nietangerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskość	nietangerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietangerskość	nietangerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietania	nietani	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietanią	nietani	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietanią	nietani	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietanich	nietani	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietanich	nietani	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanich	nietani	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniego	nietani	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaniego	nietani	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniej	nietani	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaniej	nietani	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaniej	nietani	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaniemu	nietani	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanie	nietani	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanie	nietani	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanie	nietani	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietanie	nietani	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietanimi	nietani	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanim	nietani	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanim	nietani	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanim	nietani	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietani	nietani	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietani	nietani	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietani	nietani	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanio	nietanio	adv:pos		
nietaniościach	nietaniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniościami	nietaniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniością	nietaniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniości	nietaniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniości	nietaniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniości	nietaniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniości	nietaniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniości	nietaniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniościom	nietaniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniość	nietaniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniość	nietaniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchnościach	nietaniuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchnościami	nietaniuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchnością	nietaniuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchności	nietaniuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchności	nietaniuchność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchności	nietaniuchność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchności	nietaniuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchności	nietaniuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchnościom	nietaniuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchność	nietaniuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchność	nietaniuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniuchna	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaniuchną	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaniuchną	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaniuchnego	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaniuchnego	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniuchnej	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaniuchnej	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaniuchnej	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaniuchnemu	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniuchne	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniuchne	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniuchne	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaniuchne	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaniuchni	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaniuchnych	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaniuchnych	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniuchnych	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniuchnymi	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniuchnym	nietaniuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniuchnym	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniuchnym	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniuchny	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaniuchny	nietaniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaniusia	nietaniusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaniusią	nietaniusi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaniusią	nietaniusi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaniusich	nietaniusi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaniusich	nietaniusi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniusich	nietaniusi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniusiego	nietaniusi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaniusiego	nietaniusi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniusiej	nietaniusi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaniusiej	nietaniusi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaniusiej	nietaniusi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaniusiemu	nietaniusi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniusie	nietaniusi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniusie	nietaniusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniusie	nietaniusi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaniusie	nietaniusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaniusimi	nietaniusi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniusim	nietaniusi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniusim	nietaniusi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniusim	nietaniusi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniusi	nietaniusi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaniusi	nietaniusi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaniusi	nietaniusi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaniusio	nietaniusio	adv:pos		
nietaniusiościach	nietaniusiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiościami	nietaniusiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiością	nietaniusiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiości	nietaniusiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiości	nietaniusiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiości	nietaniusiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiości	nietaniusiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiości	nietaniusiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiościom	nietaniusiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiość	nietaniusiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniusiość	nietaniusiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutcy	nietaniutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaniutka	nietaniutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaniutką	nietaniutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaniutką	nietaniutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaniutkich	nietaniutki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaniutkich	nietaniutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniutkich	nietaniutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniutkiego	nietaniutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaniutkiego	nietaniutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniutkiej	nietaniutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaniutkiej	nietaniutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaniutkiej	nietaniutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaniutkiemu	nietaniutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniutkie	nietaniutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniutkie	nietaniutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniutkie	nietaniutki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaniutkie	nietaniutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaniutkimi	nietaniutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniutkim	nietaniutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaniutkim	nietaniutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniutkim	nietaniutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaniutki	nietaniutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaniutki	nietaniutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaniutko	nietaniutko	adv:pos		
nietaniutkościach	nietaniutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkościami	nietaniutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkością	nietaniutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkości	nietaniutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkości	nietaniutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkości	nietaniutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkości	nietaniutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkości	nietaniutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkościom	nietaniutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkość	nietaniutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaniutkość	nietaniutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberscy	nietannenberski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietannenberska	nietannenberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietannenberską	nietannenberski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietannenberską	nietannenberski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietannenberskich	nietannenberski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietannenberskich	nietannenberski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietannenberskich	nietannenberski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietannenberskiego	nietannenberski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietannenberskiego	nietannenberski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietannenberskiej	nietannenberski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietannenberskiej	nietannenberski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietannenberskiej	nietannenberski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietannenberskiemu	nietannenberski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietannenberskie	nietannenberski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietannenberskie	nietannenberski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietannenberskie	nietannenberski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietannenberskie	nietannenberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietannenberskimi	nietannenberski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietannenberskim	nietannenberski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietannenberskim	nietannenberski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietannenberskim	nietannenberski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietannenberski	nietannenberski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietannenberski	nietannenberski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietannenbersko	nietannenbersko	adv:pos		
nietannenberskościach	nietannenberskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskościami	nietannenberskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskością	nietannenberskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskości	nietannenberskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskości	nietannenberskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskości	nietannenberskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskości	nietannenberskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskości	nietannenberskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskościom	nietannenberskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskość	nietannenberskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietannenberskość	nietannenberskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowościach	nietantalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowościami	nietantalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowością	nietantalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowości	nietantalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowości	nietantalowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowości	nietantalowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowości	nietantalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowości	nietantalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowościom	nietantalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowość	nietantalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowość	nietantalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantalowa	nietantalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietantalową	nietantalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietantalową	nietantalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietantalowego	nietantalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietantalowego	nietantalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantalowej	nietantalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietantalowej	nietantalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietantalowej	nietantalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietantalowemu	nietantalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantalowe	nietantalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantalowe	nietantalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantalowe	nietantalowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietantalowe	nietantalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietantalowi	nietantalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietantalowych	nietantalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietantalowych	nietantalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantalowych	nietantalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantalowymi	nietantalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantalowym	nietantalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantalowym	nietantalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantalowym	nietantalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantalowy	nietantalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietantalowy	nietantalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietantiemowościach	nietantiemowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowościami	nietantiemowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowością	nietantiemowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowości	nietantiemowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowości	nietantiemowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowości	nietantiemowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowości	nietantiemowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowości	nietantiemowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowościom	nietantiemowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowość	nietantiemowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowość	nietantiemowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantiemowa	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietantiemową	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietantiemową	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietantiemowego	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietantiemowego	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantiemowej	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietantiemowej	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietantiemowej	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietantiemowemu	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantiemowe	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantiemowe	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantiemowe	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietantiemowe	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietantiemowi	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietantiemowych	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietantiemowych	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantiemowych	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantiemowymi	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantiemowym	nietantiemowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantiemowym	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantiemowym	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantiemowy	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietantiemowy	nietantiemowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietantrycznościach	nietantryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantrycznościami	nietantryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantrycznością	nietantryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczności	nietantryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczności	nietantryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczności	nietantryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczności	nietantryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczności	nietantryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantrycznościom	nietantryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczność	nietantryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczność	nietantryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietantryczna	nietantryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietantryczną	nietantryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietantryczną	nietantryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietantrycznego	nietantryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietantrycznego	nietantryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantrycznej	nietantryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietantrycznej	nietantryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietantrycznej	nietantryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietantrycznemu	nietantryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantryczne	nietantryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantryczne	nietantryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantryczne	nietantryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietantryczne	nietantryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietantryczni	nietantryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietantrycznych	nietantryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietantrycznych	nietantryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantrycznych	nietantryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantrycznymi	nietantryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantrycznym	nietantryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietantrycznym	nietantryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantrycznym	nietantryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietantryczny	nietantryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietantryczny	nietantryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanzańscy	nietanzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietanzańska	nietanzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietanzańską	nietanzański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietanzańską	nietanzański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietanzańskich	nietanzański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietanzańskich	nietanzański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanzańskich	nietanzański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanzańskiego	nietanzański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietanzańskiego	nietanzański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanzańskiej	nietanzański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietanzańskiej	nietanzański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietanzańskiej	nietanzański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietanzańskiemu	nietanzański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanzańskie	nietanzański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanzańskie	nietanzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanzańskie	nietanzański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietanzańskie	nietanzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietanzańskimi	nietanzański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanzańskim	nietanzański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietanzańskim	nietanzański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanzańskim	nietanzański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietanzański	nietanzański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietanzański	nietanzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietanzańsko	nietanzańsko	adv:pos		
nietanzańskościach	nietanzańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskościami	nietanzańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskością	nietanzańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskości	nietanzańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskości	nietanzańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskości	nietanzańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskości	nietanzańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskości	nietanzańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskościom	nietanzańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskość	nietanzańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietanzańskość	nietanzańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowościach	nietańcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowościami	nietańcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowością	nietańcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowości	nietańcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowości	nietańcowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowości	nietańcowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowości	nietańcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowości	nietańcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowościom	nietańcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowość	nietańcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowość	nietańcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietańcowa	nietańcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietańcową	nietańcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietańcową	nietańcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietańcowego	nietańcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietańcowego	nietańcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcowej	nietańcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietańcowej	nietańcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietańcowej	nietańcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietańcowemu	nietańcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcowe	nietańcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcowe	nietańcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcowe	nietańcowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietańcowe	nietańcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietańcowi	nietańcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietańcowych	nietańcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietańcowych	nietańcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcowych	nietańcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcowymi	nietańcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcowym	nietańcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcowym	nietańcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcowym	nietańcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcowy	nietańcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietańcowy	nietańcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietańcująco	nietańcująco	adv:pos		
nietańcująca	nietańcujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietańcującą	nietańcujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietańcującą	nietańcujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietańcującego	nietańcujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietańcującego	nietańcujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcującej	nietańcujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietańcującej	nietańcujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietańcującej	nietańcujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietańcującemu	nietańcujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcujące	nietańcujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcujące	nietańcujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcujące	nietańcujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietańcujące	nietańcujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietańcujących	nietańcujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietańcujących	nietańcujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcujących	nietańcujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcującymi	nietańcujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcującym	nietańcujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańcującym	nietańcujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcującym	nietańcujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańcujący	nietańcujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietańcujący	nietańcujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietańcujący	nietańcujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietańcząco	nietańcząco	adv:pos		
nietańcząca	nietańczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietańczącą	nietańczący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietańczącą	nietańczący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietańczącego	nietańczący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietańczącego	nietańczący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańczącej	nietańczący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietańczącej	nietańczący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietańczącej	nietańczący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietańczącemu	nietańczący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańczące	nietańczący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańczące	nietańczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańczące	nietańczący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietańczące	nietańczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietańczących	nietańczący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietańczących	nietańczący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańczących	nietańczący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańczącymi	nietańczący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańczącym	nietańczący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietańczącym	nietańczący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańczącym	nietańczący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietańczący	nietańczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietańczący	nietańczący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietańczący	nietańczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaoistycznościach	nietaoistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistycznościami	nietaoistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistycznością	nietaoistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczności	nietaoistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczności	nietaoistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczności	nietaoistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczności	nietaoistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczności	nietaoistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistycznościom	nietaoistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczność	nietaoistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczność	nietaoistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaoistyczna	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaoistyczną	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaoistyczną	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaoistycznego	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaoistycznego	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaoistycznej	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaoistycznej	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaoistycznej	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaoistycznemu	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaoistyczne	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaoistyczne	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaoistyczne	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaoistyczne	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaoistyczni	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaoistycznych	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaoistycznych	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaoistycznych	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaoistycznymi	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaoistycznym	nietaoistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaoistycznym	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaoistycznym	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaoistyczny	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaoistyczny	nietaoistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietapczanowościach	nietapczanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowościami	nietapczanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowością	nietapczanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowości	nietapczanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowości	nietapczanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowości	nietapczanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowości	nietapczanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowości	nietapczanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowościom	nietapczanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowość	nietapczanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowość	nietapczanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapczanowa	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietapczanową	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietapczanową	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietapczanowego	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietapczanowego	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapczanowej	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietapczanowej	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietapczanowej	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietapczanowemu	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapczanowe	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapczanowe	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapczanowe	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietapczanowe	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietapczanowi	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietapczanowych	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietapczanowych	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapczanowych	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapczanowymi	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapczanowym	nietapczanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapczanowym	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapczanowym	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapczanowy	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietapczanowy	nietapczanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietapetowościach	nietapetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowościami	nietapetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowością	nietapetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowości	nietapetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowości	nietapetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowości	nietapetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowości	nietapetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowości	nietapetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowościom	nietapetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowość	nietapetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowość	nietapetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapetowa	nietapetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietapetową	nietapetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietapetową	nietapetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietapetowego	nietapetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietapetowego	nietapetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapetowej	nietapetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietapetowej	nietapetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietapetowej	nietapetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietapetowemu	nietapetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapetowe	nietapetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapetowe	nietapetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapetowe	nietapetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietapetowe	nietapetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietapetowi	nietapetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietapetowych	nietapetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietapetowych	nietapetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapetowych	nietapetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapetowymi	nietapetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapetowym	nietapetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapetowym	nietapetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapetowym	nietapetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapetowy	nietapetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietapetowy	nietapetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietapicerscy	nietapicerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietapicerska	nietapicerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietapicerską	nietapicerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietapicerską	nietapicerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietapicerskich	nietapicerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietapicerskich	nietapicerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapicerskich	nietapicerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapicerskiego	nietapicerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietapicerskiego	nietapicerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapicerskiej	nietapicerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietapicerskiej	nietapicerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietapicerskiej	nietapicerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietapicerskiemu	nietapicerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapicerskie	nietapicerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapicerskie	nietapicerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapicerskie	nietapicerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietapicerskie	nietapicerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietapicerskimi	nietapicerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapicerskim	nietapicerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapicerskim	nietapicerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapicerskim	nietapicerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapicerski	nietapicerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietapicerski	nietapicerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietapicersko	nietapicersko	adv:pos		
nietapicerskościach	nietapicerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskościami	nietapicerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskością	nietapicerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskości	nietapicerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskości	nietapicerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskości	nietapicerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskości	nietapicerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskości	nietapicerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskościom	nietapicerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskość	nietapicerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapicerskość	nietapicerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatościach	nietapirowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatościami	nietapirowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatością	nietapirowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatości	nietapirowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatości	nietapirowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatości	nietapirowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatości	nietapirowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatości	nietapirowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatościom	nietapirowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatość	nietapirowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowatość	nietapirowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietapirowaci	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietapirowata	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietapirowatą	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietapirowatą	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietapirowatego	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietapirowatego	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapirowatej	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietapirowatej	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietapirowatej	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietapirowatemu	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapirowate	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapirowate	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapirowate	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietapirowate	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietapirowatych	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietapirowatych	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapirowatych	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapirowatymi	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapirowatym	nietapirowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietapirowatym	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapirowatym	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietapirowaty	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietapirowaty	nietapirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarantowatościach	nietarantowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatościami	nietarantowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatością	nietarantowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatości	nietarantowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatości	nietarantowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatości	nietarantowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatości	nietarantowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatości	nietarantowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatościom	nietarantowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatość	nietarantowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowatość	nietarantowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowaci	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarantowata	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarantowatą	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarantowatą	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarantowatego	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarantowatego	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowatej	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarantowatej	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarantowatej	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarantowatemu	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowate	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowate	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowate	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarantowate	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarantowatych	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarantowatych	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowatych	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowatymi	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowatym	nietarantowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowatym	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowatym	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowaty	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarantowaty	nietarantowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarantowościach	nietarantowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowościami	nietarantowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowością	nietarantowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowości	nietarantowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowości	nietarantowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowości	nietarantowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowości	nietarantowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowości	nietarantowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowościom	nietarantowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowość	nietarantowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowość	nietarantowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarantowa	nietarantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarantową	nietarantowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarantową	nietarantowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarantowego	nietarantowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarantowego	nietarantowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowej	nietarantowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarantowej	nietarantowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarantowej	nietarantowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarantowemu	nietarantowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowe	nietarantowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowe	nietarantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowe	nietarantowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarantowe	nietarantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarantowi	nietarantowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarantowych	nietarantowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarantowych	nietarantowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowych	nietarantowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowymi	nietarantowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowym	nietarantowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarantowym	nietarantowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowym	nietarantowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarantowy	nietarantowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarantowy	nietarantowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarasowato	nietarasowato	adv:pos		
nietarasowatościach	nietarasowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatościami	nietarasowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatością	nietarasowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatości	nietarasowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatości	nietarasowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatości	nietarasowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatości	nietarasowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatości	nietarasowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatościom	nietarasowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatość	nietarasowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowatość	nietarasowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowaci	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarasowata	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarasowatą	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarasowatą	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarasowatego	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarasowatego	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowatej	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarasowatej	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarasowatej	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarasowatemu	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowate	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowate	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowate	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarasowate	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarasowatych	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarasowatych	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowatych	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowatymi	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowatym	nietarasowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowatym	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowatym	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowaty	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarasowaty	nietarasowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarasowo	nietarasowo	adv:pos		
nietarasowościach	nietarasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowościami	nietarasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowością	nietarasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowości	nietarasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowości	nietarasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowości	nietarasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowości	nietarasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowości	nietarasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowościom	nietarasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowość	nietarasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowość	nietarasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarasowa	nietarasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarasową	nietarasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarasową	nietarasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarasowego	nietarasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarasowego	nietarasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowej	nietarasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarasowej	nietarasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarasowej	nietarasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarasowemu	nietarasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowe	nietarasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowe	nietarasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowe	nietarasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarasowe	nietarasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarasowi	nietarasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarasowych	nietarasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarasowych	nietarasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowych	nietarasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowymi	nietarasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowym	nietarasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarasowym	nietarasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowym	nietarasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarasowy	nietarasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarasowy	nietarasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaratatkowościach	nietaratatkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowościami	nietaratatkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowością	nietaratatkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowości	nietaratatkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowości	nietaratatkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowości	nietaratatkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowości	nietaratatkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowości	nietaratatkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowościom	nietaratatkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowość	nietaratatkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowość	nietaratatkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaratatkowa	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaratatkową	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaratatkową	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaratatkowego	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaratatkowego	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaratatkowej	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaratatkowej	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaratatkowej	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaratatkowemu	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaratatkowe	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaratatkowe	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaratatkowe	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaratatkowe	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaratatkowi	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaratatkowych	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaratatkowych	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaratatkowych	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaratatkowymi	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaratatkowym	nietaratatkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaratatkowym	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaratatkowym	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaratatkowy	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaratatkowy	nietaratatkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarchomińscy	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarchomińska	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarchomińską	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarchomińską	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarchomińskich	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarchomińskich	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarchomińskich	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarchomińskiego	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarchomińskiego	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarchomińskiej	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarchomińskiej	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarchomińskiej	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarchomińskiemu	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarchomińskie	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarchomińskie	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarchomińskie	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarchomińskie	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarchomińskimi	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarchomińskim	nietarchomiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarchomińskim	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarchomińskim	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarchomiński	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarchomiński	nietarchomiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarchomińsko	nietarchomińsko	adv:pos		
nietarchomińskościach	nietarchomińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskościami	nietarchomińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskością	nietarchomińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskości	nietarchomińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskości	nietarchomińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskości	nietarchomińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskości	nietarchomińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskości	nietarchomińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskościom	nietarchomińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskość	nietarchomińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarchomińskość	nietarchomińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowościach	nietarcicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowościami	nietarcicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowością	nietarcicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowości	nietarcicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowości	nietarcicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowości	nietarcicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowości	nietarcicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowości	nietarcicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowościom	nietarcicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowość	nietarcicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowość	nietarcicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcicowa	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarcicową	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarcicową	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarcicowego	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarcicowego	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcicowej	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarcicowej	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarcicowej	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarcicowemu	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcicowe	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcicowe	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcicowe	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarcicowe	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarcicowi	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarcicowych	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarcicowych	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcicowych	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcicowymi	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcicowym	nietarcicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcicowym	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcicowym	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcicowy	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarcicowy	nietarcicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarciowościach	nietarciowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowościami	nietarciowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowością	nietarciowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowości	nietarciowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowości	nietarciowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowości	nietarciowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowości	nietarciowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowości	nietarciowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowościom	nietarciowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowość	nietarciowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowość	nietarciowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarciowa	nietarciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarciową	nietarciowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarciową	nietarciowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarciowego	nietarciowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarciowego	nietarciowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarciowej	nietarciowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarciowej	nietarciowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarciowej	nietarciowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarciowemu	nietarciowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarciowe	nietarciowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarciowe	nietarciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarciowe	nietarciowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarciowe	nietarciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarciowi	nietarciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarciowych	nietarciowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarciowych	nietarciowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarciowych	nietarciowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarciowymi	nietarciowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarciowym	nietarciowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarciowym	nietarciowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarciowym	nietarciowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarciowy	nietarciowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarciowy	nietarciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczkowatościach	nietarczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatościami	nietarczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatością	nietarczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatości	nietarczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatości	nietarczkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatości	nietarczkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatości	nietarczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatości	nietarczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatościom	nietarczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatość	nietarczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowatość	nietarczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowaci	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczkowata	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczkowatą	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczkowatą	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczkowatego	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczkowatego	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowatej	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczkowatej	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczkowatej	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczkowatemu	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowate	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowate	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowate	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczkowate	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczkowatych	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczkowatych	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowatych	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowatymi	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowatym	nietarczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowatym	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowatym	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowaty	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczkowaty	nietarczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczkowościach	nietarczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowościami	nietarczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowością	nietarczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowości	nietarczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowości	nietarczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowości	nietarczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowości	nietarczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowości	nietarczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowościom	nietarczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowość	nietarczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowość	nietarczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczkowa	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczkową	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczkową	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczkowego	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczkowego	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowej	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczkowej	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczkowej	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczkowemu	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowe	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowe	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowe	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczkowe	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczkowi	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczkowych	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczkowych	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowych	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowymi	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowym	nietarczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczkowym	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowym	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczkowy	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczkowy	nietarczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarcznikowatościach	nietarcznikowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatościami	nietarcznikowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatością	nietarcznikowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatości	nietarcznikowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatości	nietarcznikowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatości	nietarcznikowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatości	nietarcznikowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatości	nietarcznikowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatościom	nietarcznikowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatość	nietarcznikowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowatość	nietarcznikowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarcznikowaci	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarcznikowata	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarcznikowatą	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarcznikowatą	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarcznikowatego	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarcznikowatego	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcznikowatej	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarcznikowatej	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarcznikowatej	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarcznikowatemu	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcznikowate	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcznikowate	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcznikowate	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarcznikowate	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarcznikowatych	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarcznikowatych	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcznikowatych	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcznikowatymi	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcznikowatym	nietarcznikowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarcznikowatym	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcznikowatym	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarcznikowaty	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarcznikowaty	nietarcznikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczowatościach	nietarczowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatościami	nietarczowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatością	nietarczowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatości	nietarczowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatości	nietarczowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatości	nietarczowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatości	nietarczowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatości	nietarczowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatościom	nietarczowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatość	nietarczowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowatość	nietarczowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowaci	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczowata	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczowatą	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczowatą	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczowatego	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczowatego	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowatej	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczowatej	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczowatej	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczowatemu	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowate	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowate	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowate	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczowate	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczowatych	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczowatych	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowatych	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowatymi	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowatym	nietarczowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowatym	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowatym	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowaty	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczowaty	nietarczowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczownicowatościach	nietarczownicowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatościami	nietarczownicowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatością	nietarczownicowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatości	nietarczownicowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatości	nietarczownicowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatości	nietarczownicowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatości	nietarczownicowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatości	nietarczownicowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatościom	nietarczownicowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatość	nietarczownicowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowatość	nietarczownicowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczownicowaci	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczownicowata	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczownicowatą	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczownicowatą	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczownicowatego	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczownicowatego	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczownicowatej	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczownicowatej	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczownicowatej	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczownicowatemu	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczownicowate	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczownicowate	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczownicowate	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczownicowate	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczownicowatych	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczownicowatych	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczownicowatych	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczownicowatymi	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczownicowatym	nietarczownicowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczownicowatym	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczownicowatym	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczownicowaty	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczownicowaty	nietarczownicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczowościach	nietarczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowościami	nietarczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowością	nietarczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowości	nietarczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowości	nietarczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowości	nietarczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowości	nietarczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowości	nietarczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowościom	nietarczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowość	nietarczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowość	nietarczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczowa	nietarczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczową	nietarczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczową	nietarczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczowego	nietarczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczowego	nietarczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowej	nietarczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczowej	nietarczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczowej	nietarczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczowemu	nietarczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowe	nietarczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowe	nietarczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowe	nietarczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczowe	nietarczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczowi	nietarczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczowych	nietarczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczowych	nietarczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowych	nietarczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowymi	nietarczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowym	nietarczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczowym	nietarczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowym	nietarczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczowy	nietarczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczowy	nietarczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczówkowatościach	nietarczówkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatościami	nietarczówkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatością	nietarczówkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatości	nietarczówkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatości	nietarczówkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatości	nietarczówkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatości	nietarczówkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatości	nietarczówkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatościom	nietarczówkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatość	nietarczówkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowatość	nietarczówkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczówkowaci	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczówkowata	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczówkowatą	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczówkowatą	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczówkowatego	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczówkowatego	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczówkowatej	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczówkowatej	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczówkowatej	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczówkowatemu	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczówkowate	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczówkowate	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczówkowate	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczówkowate	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczówkowatych	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczówkowatych	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczówkowatych	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczówkowatymi	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczówkowatym	nietarczówkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczówkowatym	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczówkowatym	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczówkowaty	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczówkowaty	nietarczówkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczycowościach	nietarczycowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowościami	nietarczycowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowością	nietarczycowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowości	nietarczycowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowości	nietarczycowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowości	nietarczycowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowości	nietarczycowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowości	nietarczycowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowościom	nietarczycowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowość	nietarczycowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowość	nietarczycowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczycowa	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczycową	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczycową	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczycowego	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczycowego	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczycowej	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczycowej	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczycowej	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczycowemu	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczycowe	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczycowe	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczycowe	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczycowe	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczycowi	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczycowych	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczycowych	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczycowych	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczycowymi	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczycowym	nietarczycowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczycowym	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczycowym	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczycowy	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczycowy	nietarczycowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczykowościach	nietarczykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowościami	nietarczykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowością	nietarczykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowości	nietarczykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowości	nietarczykowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowości	nietarczykowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowości	nietarczykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowości	nietarczykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowościom	nietarczykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowość	nietarczykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowość	nietarczykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczykowa	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczykową	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczykową	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczykowego	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczykowego	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczykowej	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczykowej	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczykowej	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczykowemu	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczykowe	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczykowe	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczykowe	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczykowe	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczykowi	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczykowych	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczykowych	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczykowych	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczykowymi	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczykowym	nietarczykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczykowym	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczykowym	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczykowy	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczykowy	nietarczykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczyńscy	nietarczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarczyńska	nietarczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarczyńską	nietarczyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarczyńską	nietarczyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarczyńskich	nietarczyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarczyńskich	nietarczyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczyńskich	nietarczyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczyńskiego	nietarczyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarczyńskiego	nietarczyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczyńskiej	nietarczyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarczyńskiej	nietarczyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarczyńskiej	nietarczyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarczyńskiemu	nietarczyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczyńskie	nietarczyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczyńskie	nietarczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczyńskie	nietarczyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarczyńskie	nietarczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarczyńskimi	nietarczyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczyńskim	nietarczyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarczyńskim	nietarczyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczyńskim	nietarczyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarczyński	nietarczyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarczyński	nietarczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarczyńsko	nietarczyńsko	adv:pos		
nietarczyńskościach	nietarczyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskościami	nietarczyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskością	nietarczyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskości	nietarczyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskości	nietarczyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskości	nietarczyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskości	nietarczyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskości	nietarczyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskościom	nietarczyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskość	nietarczyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarczyńskość	nietarczyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowościach	nietargańcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowościami	nietargańcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowością	nietargańcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowości	nietargańcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowości	nietargańcowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowości	nietargańcowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowości	nietargańcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowości	nietargańcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowościom	nietargańcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowość	nietargańcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowość	nietargańcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargańcowa	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietargańcową	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietargańcową	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietargańcowego	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietargańcowego	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargańcowej	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietargańcowej	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietargańcowej	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietargańcowemu	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargańcowe	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargańcowe	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargańcowe	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietargańcowe	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietargańcowi	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietargańcowych	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietargańcowych	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargańcowych	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargańcowymi	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargańcowym	nietargańcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargańcowym	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargańcowym	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargańcowy	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietargańcowy	nietargańcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietargetowo	nietargetowo	adv:pos		
nietargetowościach	nietargetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowościami	nietargetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowością	nietargetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowości	nietargetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowości	nietargetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowości	nietargetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowości	nietargetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowości	nietargetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowościom	nietargetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowość	nietargetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowość	nietargetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargetowa	nietargetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietargetową	nietargetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietargetową	nietargetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietargetowego	nietargetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietargetowego	nietargetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargetowej	nietargetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietargetowej	nietargetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietargetowej	nietargetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietargetowemu	nietargetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargetowe	nietargetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargetowe	nietargetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargetowe	nietargetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietargetowe	nietargetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietargetowi	nietargetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietargetowych	nietargetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietargetowych	nietargetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargetowych	nietargetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargetowymi	nietargetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargetowym	nietargetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargetowym	nietargetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargetowym	nietargetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargetowy	nietargetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietargetowy	nietargetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietargowiccy	nietargowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietargowicka	nietargowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietargowicką	nietargowicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietargowicką	nietargowicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietargowickich	nietargowicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietargowickich	nietargowicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowickich	nietargowicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowickiego	nietargowicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietargowickiego	nietargowicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowickiej	nietargowicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietargowickiej	nietargowicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietargowickiej	nietargowicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietargowickiemu	nietargowicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowickie	nietargowicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowickie	nietargowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowickie	nietargowicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietargowickie	nietargowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietargowickimi	nietargowicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowickim	nietargowicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowickim	nietargowicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowickim	nietargowicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowicki	nietargowicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietargowicki	nietargowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietargowicko	nietargowicko	adv:pos		
nietargowickościach	nietargowickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickościami	nietargowickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickością	nietargowickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickości	nietargowickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickości	nietargowickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickości	nietargowickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickości	nietargowickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickości	nietargowickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickościom	nietargowickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickość	nietargowickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowickość	nietargowickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańscy	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietargowiczańska	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietargowiczańską	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietargowiczańską	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietargowiczańskich	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietargowiczańskich	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskich	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskiego	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietargowiczańskiego	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskiej	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietargowiczańskiej	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietargowiczańskiej	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietargowiczańskiemu	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskie	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskie	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskie	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietargowiczańskie	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietargowiczańskimi	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskim	nietargowiczański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskim	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiczańskim	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiczański	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietargowiczański	nietargowiczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietargowiczańsko	nietargowiczańsko	adv:pos		
nietargowiczańskościach	nietargowiczańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskościami	nietargowiczańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskością	nietargowiczańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskości	nietargowiczańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskości	nietargowiczańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskości	nietargowiczańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskości	nietargowiczańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskości	nietargowiczańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskościom	nietargowiczańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskość	nietargowiczańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiczańskość	nietargowiczańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowościach	nietargowiskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowościami	nietargowiskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowością	nietargowiskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowości	nietargowiskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowości	nietargowiskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowości	nietargowiskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowości	nietargowiskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowości	nietargowiskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowościom	nietargowiskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowość	nietargowiskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowość	nietargowiskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowiskowa	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietargowiskową	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietargowiskową	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietargowiskowego	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietargowiskowego	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiskowej	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietargowiskowej	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietargowiskowej	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietargowiskowemu	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiskowe	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiskowe	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiskowe	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietargowiskowe	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietargowiskowi	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietargowiskowych	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietargowiskowych	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiskowych	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiskowymi	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiskowym	nietargowiskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowiskowym	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiskowym	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowiskowy	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietargowiskowy	nietargowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietargowościach	nietargowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowościami	nietargowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowością	nietargowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowości	nietargowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowości	nietargowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowości	nietargowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowości	nietargowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowości	nietargowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowościom	nietargowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowość	nietargowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowość	nietargowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietargowa	nietargowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietargową	nietargowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietargową	nietargowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietargowego	nietargowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietargowego	nietargowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowej	nietargowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietargowej	nietargowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietargowej	nietargowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietargowemu	nietargowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowe	nietargowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowe	nietargowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowe	nietargowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietargowe	nietargowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietargowi	nietargowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietargowych	nietargowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietargowych	nietargowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowych	nietargowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowymi	nietargowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowym	nietargowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietargowym	nietargowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowym	nietargowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietargowy	nietargowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietargowy	nietargowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarkowościach	nietarkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowościami	nietarkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowością	nietarkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowości	nietarkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowości	nietarkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowości	nietarkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowości	nietarkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowości	nietarkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowościom	nietarkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowość	nietarkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowość	nietarkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarkowa	nietarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarkową	nietarkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarkową	nietarkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarkowego	nietarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarkowego	nietarkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarkowej	nietarkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarkowej	nietarkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarkowej	nietarkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarkowemu	nietarkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarkowe	nietarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarkowe	nietarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarkowe	nietarkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarkowe	nietarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarkowi	nietarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarkowych	nietarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarkowych	nietarkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarkowych	nietarkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarkowymi	nietarkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarkowym	nietarkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarkowym	nietarkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarkowym	nietarkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarkowy	nietarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarkowy	nietarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarlatanowościach	nietarlatanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowościami	nietarlatanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowością	nietarlatanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowości	nietarlatanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowości	nietarlatanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowości	nietarlatanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowości	nietarlatanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowości	nietarlatanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowościom	nietarlatanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowość	nietarlatanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowość	nietarlatanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarlatanowa	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarlatanową	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarlatanową	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarlatanowego	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarlatanowego	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarlatanowej	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarlatanowej	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarlatanowej	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarlatanowemu	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarlatanowe	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarlatanowe	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarlatanowe	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarlatanowe	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarlatanowi	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarlatanowych	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarlatanowych	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarlatanowych	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarlatanowymi	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarlatanowym	nietarlatanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarlatanowym	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarlatanowym	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarlatanowy	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarlatanowy	nietarlatanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarliskowościach	nietarliskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowościami	nietarliskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowością	nietarliskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowości	nietarliskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowości	nietarliskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowości	nietarliskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowości	nietarliskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowości	nietarliskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowościom	nietarliskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowość	nietarliskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowość	nietarliskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarliskowa	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarliskową	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarliskową	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarliskowego	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarliskowego	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarliskowej	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarliskowej	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarliskowej	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarliskowemu	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarliskowe	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarliskowe	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarliskowe	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarliskowe	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarliskowi	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarliskowych	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarliskowych	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarliskowych	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarliskowymi	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarliskowym	nietarliskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarliskowym	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarliskowym	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarliskowy	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarliskowy	nietarliskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarłowościach	nietarłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowościami	nietarłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowością	nietarłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowości	nietarłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowości	nietarłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowości	nietarłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowości	nietarłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowości	nietarłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowościom	nietarłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowość	nietarłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowość	nietarłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowscy	nietarłowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarłowska	nietarłowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarłowską	nietarłowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarłowską	nietarłowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarłowskich	nietarłowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarłowskich	nietarłowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowskich	nietarłowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowskiego	nietarłowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarłowskiego	nietarłowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowskiej	nietarłowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarłowskiej	nietarłowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarłowskiej	nietarłowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarłowskiemu	nietarłowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowskie	nietarłowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowskie	nietarłowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowskie	nietarłowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarłowskie	nietarłowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarłowskimi	nietarłowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowskim	nietarłowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowskim	nietarłowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowskim	nietarłowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowski	nietarłowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarłowski	nietarłowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarłowsko	nietarłowsko	adv:pos		
nietarłowskościach	nietarłowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskościami	nietarłowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskością	nietarłowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskości	nietarłowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskości	nietarłowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskości	nietarłowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskości	nietarłowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskości	nietarłowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskościom	nietarłowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskość	nietarłowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowskość	nietarłowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarłowa	nietarłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarłową	nietarłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarłową	nietarłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarłowego	nietarłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarłowego	nietarłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowej	nietarłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarłowej	nietarłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarłowej	nietarłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarłowemu	nietarłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowe	nietarłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowe	nietarłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowe	nietarłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarłowe	nietarłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarłowi	nietarłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarłowych	nietarłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarłowych	nietarłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowych	nietarłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowymi	nietarłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowym	nietarłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarłowym	nietarłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowym	nietarłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarłowy	nietarłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarłowy	nietarłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnawateccy	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarnawatecka	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarnawatecką	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarnawatecką	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarnawateckich	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarnawateckich	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnawateckich	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnawateckiego	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarnawateckiego	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnawateckiej	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarnawateckiej	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarnawateckiej	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarnawateckiemu	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnawateckie	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnawateckie	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnawateckie	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarnawateckie	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarnawateckimi	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnawateckim	nietarnawatecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnawateckim	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnawateckim	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnawatecki	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarnawatecki	nietarnawatecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnawatecko	nietarnawatecko	adv:pos		
nietarnawateckościach	nietarnawateckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckościami	nietarnawateckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckością	nietarnawateckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckości	nietarnawateckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckości	nietarnawateckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckości	nietarnawateckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckości	nietarnawateckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckości	nietarnawateckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckościom	nietarnawateckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckość	nietarnawateckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnawateckość	nietarnawateckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowościach	nietarninowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowościami	nietarninowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowością	nietarninowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowości	nietarninowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowości	nietarninowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowości	nietarninowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowości	nietarninowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowości	nietarninowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowościom	nietarninowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowość	nietarninowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowość	nietarninowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarninowa	nietarninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarninową	nietarninowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarninową	nietarninowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarninowego	nietarninowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarninowego	nietarninowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarninowej	nietarninowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarninowej	nietarninowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarninowej	nietarninowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarninowemu	nietarninowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarninowe	nietarninowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarninowe	nietarninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarninowe	nietarninowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarninowe	nietarninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarninowi	nietarninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarninowych	nietarninowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarninowych	nietarninowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarninowych	nietarninowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarninowymi	nietarninowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarninowym	nietarninowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarninowym	nietarninowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarninowym	nietarninowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarninowy	nietarninowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarninowy	nietarninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnobrzescy	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarnobrzeska	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarnobrzeską	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarnobrzeską	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarnobrzeskich	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarnobrzeskich	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskich	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskiego	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarnobrzeskiego	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskiej	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarnobrzeskiej	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarnobrzeskiej	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarnobrzeskiemu	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskie	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskie	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskie	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskie	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskimi	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskim	nietarnobrzeski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskim	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeskim	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnobrzeski	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarnobrzeski	nietarnobrzeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnobrzesko	nietarnobrzesko	adv:pos		
nietarnobrzeskościach	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskościami	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskością	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskości	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskości	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskości	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskości	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskości	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskościom	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskość	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnobrzeskość	nietarnobrzeskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórscy	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarnogórska	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarnogórską	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarnogórską	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarnogórskich	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarnogórskich	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnogórskich	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnogórskiego	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarnogórskiego	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnogórskiej	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarnogórskiej	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarnogórskiej	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarnogórskiemu	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnogórskie	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnogórskie	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnogórskie	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarnogórskie	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarnogórskimi	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnogórskim	nietarnogórski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnogórskim	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnogórskim	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnogórski	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarnogórski	nietarnogórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnogórsko	nietarnogórsko	adv:pos		
nietarnogórskościach	nietarnogórskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskościami	nietarnogórskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskością	nietarnogórskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskości	nietarnogórskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskości	nietarnogórskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskości	nietarnogórskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskości	nietarnogórskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskości	nietarnogórskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskościom	nietarnogórskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskość	nietarnogórskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnogórskość	nietarnogórskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolscy	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarnopolska	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarnopolską	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarnopolską	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarnopolskich	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarnopolskich	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnopolskich	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnopolskiego	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarnopolskiego	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnopolskiej	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarnopolskiej	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarnopolskiej	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarnopolskiemu	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnopolskie	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnopolskie	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnopolskie	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarnopolskie	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarnopolskimi	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnopolskim	nietarnopolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnopolskim	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnopolskim	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnopolski	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarnopolski	nietarnopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnopolsko	nietarnopolsko	adv:pos		
nietarnopolskościach	nietarnopolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskościami	nietarnopolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskością	nietarnopolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskości	nietarnopolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskości	nietarnopolskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskości	nietarnopolskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskości	nietarnopolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskości	nietarnopolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskościom	nietarnopolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskość	nietarnopolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnopolskość	nietarnopolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowscy	nietarnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarnowska	nietarnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarnowską	nietarnowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarnowską	nietarnowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarnowskich	nietarnowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarnowskich	nietarnowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnowskich	nietarnowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnowskiego	nietarnowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarnowskiego	nietarnowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnowskiej	nietarnowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarnowskiej	nietarnowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarnowskiej	nietarnowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarnowskiemu	nietarnowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnowskie	nietarnowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnowskie	nietarnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnowskie	nietarnowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarnowskie	nietarnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarnowskimi	nietarnowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnowskim	nietarnowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnowskim	nietarnowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnowskim	nietarnowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnowski	nietarnowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarnowski	nietarnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnowsko	nietarnowsko	adv:pos		
nietarnowskościach	nietarnowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskościami	nietarnowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskością	nietarnowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskości	nietarnowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskości	nietarnowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskości	nietarnowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskości	nietarnowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskości	nietarnowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskościom	nietarnowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskość	nietarnowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnowskość	nietarnowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweccy	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarnówecka	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarnówecką	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarnówecką	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarnóweckich	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarnóweckich	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnóweckich	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnóweckiego	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarnóweckiego	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnóweckiej	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarnóweckiej	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarnóweckiej	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarnóweckiemu	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnóweckie	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnóweckie	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnóweckie	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarnóweckie	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarnóweckimi	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnóweckim	nietarnówecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarnóweckim	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnóweckim	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarnówecki	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarnówecki	nietarnówecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarnówecko	nietarnówecko	adv:pos		
nietarnóweckościach	nietarnóweckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckościami	nietarnóweckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckością	nietarnóweckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckości	nietarnóweckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckości	nietarnóweckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckości	nietarnóweckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckości	nietarnóweckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckości	nietarnóweckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckościom	nietarnóweckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckość	nietarnóweckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarnóweckość	nietarnóweckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowościach	nietarotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowościami	nietarotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowością	nietarotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowości	nietarotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowości	nietarotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowości	nietarotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowości	nietarotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowości	nietarotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowościom	nietarotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowość	nietarotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowość	nietarotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarotowa	nietarotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarotową	nietarotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarotową	nietarotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarotowego	nietarotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarotowego	nietarotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarotowej	nietarotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarotowej	nietarotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarotowej	nietarotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarotowemu	nietarotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarotowe	nietarotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarotowe	nietarotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarotowe	nietarotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarotowe	nietarotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarotowi	nietarotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarotowych	nietarotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarotowych	nietarotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarotowych	nietarotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarotowymi	nietarotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarotowym	nietarotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarotowym	nietarotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarotowym	nietarotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarotowy	nietarotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarotowy	nietarotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarpejscy	nietarpejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietarpejska	nietarpejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietarpejską	nietarpejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietarpejską	nietarpejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietarpejskich	nietarpejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietarpejskich	nietarpejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarpejskich	nietarpejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarpejskiego	nietarpejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietarpejskiego	nietarpejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarpejskiej	nietarpejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietarpejskiej	nietarpejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietarpejskiej	nietarpejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietarpejskiemu	nietarpejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarpejskie	nietarpejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarpejskie	nietarpejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarpejskie	nietarpejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietarpejskie	nietarpejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietarpejskimi	nietarpejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarpejskim	nietarpejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietarpejskim	nietarpejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarpejskim	nietarpejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietarpejski	nietarpejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietarpejski	nietarpejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietarpejsko	nietarpejsko	adv:pos		
nietarpejskościach	nietarpejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskościami	nietarpejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskością	nietarpejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskości	nietarpejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskości	nietarpejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskości	nietarpejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskości	nietarpejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskości	nietarpejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskościom	nietarpejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskość	nietarpejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietarpejskość	nietarpejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartacznościach	nietartaczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartacznościami	nietartaczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartacznością	nietartaczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczności	nietartaczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczności	nietartaczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczności	nietartaczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczności	nietartaczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczności	nietartaczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartacznościom	nietartaczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczność	nietartaczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczność	nietartaczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartaczna	nietartaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietartaczną	nietartaczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietartaczną	nietartaczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietartacznego	nietartaczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietartacznego	nietartaczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartacznej	nietartaczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietartacznej	nietartaczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietartacznej	nietartaczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietartacznemu	nietartaczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartaczne	nietartaczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartaczne	nietartaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartaczne	nietartaczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietartaczne	nietartaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietartaczni	nietartaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietartacznych	nietartaczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietartacznych	nietartaczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartacznych	nietartaczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartacznymi	nietartaczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartacznym	nietartaczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartacznym	nietartaczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartacznym	nietartaczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartaczny	nietartaczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietartaczny	nietartaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietartanowościach	nietartanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowościami	nietartanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowością	nietartanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowości	nietartanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowości	nietartanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowości	nietartanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowości	nietartanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowości	nietartanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowościom	nietartanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowość	nietartanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowość	nietartanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietartanowa	nietartanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietartanową	nietartanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietartanową	nietartanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietartanowego	nietartanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietartanowego	nietartanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartanowej	nietartanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietartanowej	nietartanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietartanowej	nietartanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietartanowemu	nietartanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartanowe	nietartanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartanowe	nietartanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartanowe	nietartanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietartanowe	nietartanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietartanowi	nietartanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietartanowych	nietartanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietartanowych	nietartanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartanowych	nietartanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartanowymi	nietartanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartanowym	nietartanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietartanowym	nietartanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartanowym	nietartanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietartanowy	nietartanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietartanowy	nietartanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaryfowościach	nietaryfowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowościami	nietaryfowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowością	nietaryfowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowości	nietaryfowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowości	nietaryfowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowości	nietaryfowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowości	nietaryfowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowości	nietaryfowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowościom	nietaryfowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowość	nietaryfowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowość	nietaryfowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaryfowa	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaryfową	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaryfową	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaryfowego	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaryfowego	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaryfowej	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaryfowej	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaryfowej	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaryfowemu	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaryfowe	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaryfowe	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaryfowe	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaryfowe	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaryfowi	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaryfowych	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaryfowych	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaryfowych	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaryfowymi	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaryfowym	nietaryfowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaryfowym	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaryfowym	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaryfowy	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaryfowy	nietaryfowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietasiemcowatościach	nietasiemcowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatościami	nietasiemcowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatością	nietasiemcowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatości	nietasiemcowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatości	nietasiemcowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatości	nietasiemcowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatości	nietasiemcowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatości	nietasiemcowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatościom	nietasiemcowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatość	nietasiemcowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowatość	nietasiemcowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowaci	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietasiemcowata	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietasiemcowatą	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietasiemcowatą	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietasiemcowatego	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietasiemcowatego	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowatej	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietasiemcowatej	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietasiemcowatej	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietasiemcowatemu	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowate	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowate	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowate	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietasiemcowate	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietasiemcowatych	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietasiemcowatych	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowatych	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowatymi	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowatym	nietasiemcowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowatym	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowatym	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowaty	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietasiemcowaty	nietasiemcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietasiemcowościach	nietasiemcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowościami	nietasiemcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowością	nietasiemcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowości	nietasiemcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowości	nietasiemcowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowości	nietasiemcowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowości	nietasiemcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowości	nietasiemcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowościom	nietasiemcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowość	nietasiemcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowość	nietasiemcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemcowa	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietasiemcową	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietasiemcową	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietasiemcowego	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietasiemcowego	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowej	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietasiemcowej	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietasiemcowej	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietasiemcowemu	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowe	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowe	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowe	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietasiemcowe	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietasiemcowi	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietasiemcowych	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietasiemcowych	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowych	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowymi	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowym	nietasiemcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemcowym	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowym	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemcowy	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietasiemcowy	nietasiemcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietasiemkowościach	nietasiemkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowościami	nietasiemkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowością	nietasiemkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowości	nietasiemkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowości	nietasiemkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowości	nietasiemkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowości	nietasiemkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowości	nietasiemkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowościom	nietasiemkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowość	nietasiemkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowość	nietasiemkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasiemkowa	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietasiemkową	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietasiemkową	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietasiemkowego	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietasiemkowego	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemkowej	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietasiemkowej	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietasiemkowej	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietasiemkowemu	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemkowe	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemkowe	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemkowe	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietasiemkowe	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietasiemkowi	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietasiemkowych	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietasiemkowych	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemkowych	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemkowymi	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemkowym	nietasiemkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasiemkowym	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemkowym	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasiemkowy	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietasiemkowy	nietasiemkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietasmanoidalnościach	nietasmanoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalnościami	nietasmanoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalnością	nietasmanoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalności	nietasmanoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalności	nietasmanoidalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalności	nietasmanoidalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalności	nietasmanoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalności	nietasmanoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalnościom	nietasmanoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalność	nietasmanoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalność	nietasmanoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmanoidalna	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietasmanoidalną	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietasmanoidalną	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietasmanoidalnego	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietasmanoidalnego	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalnej	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietasmanoidalnej	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietasmanoidalnej	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietasmanoidalnemu	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalne	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalne	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalne	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietasmanoidalne	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietasmanoidalni	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietasmanoidalnych	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietasmanoidalnych	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalnych	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalnymi	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalnym	nietasmanoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalnym	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalnym	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmanoidalny	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietasmanoidalny	nietasmanoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietasmańscy	nietasmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietasmańska	nietasmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietasmańską	nietasmański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietasmańską	nietasmański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietasmańskich	nietasmański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietasmańskich	nietasmański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmańskich	nietasmański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmańskiego	nietasmański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietasmańskiego	nietasmański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmańskiej	nietasmański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietasmańskiej	nietasmański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietasmańskiej	nietasmański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietasmańskiemu	nietasmański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmańskie	nietasmański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmańskie	nietasmański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmańskie	nietasmański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietasmańskie	nietasmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietasmańskimi	nietasmański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmańskim	nietasmański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietasmańskim	nietasmański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmańskim	nietasmański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietasmański	nietasmański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietasmański	nietasmański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietasmańsko	nietasmańsko	adv:pos		
nietasmańskościach	nietasmańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskościami	nietasmańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskością	nietasmańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskości	nietasmańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskości	nietasmańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskości	nietasmańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskości	nietasmańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskości	nietasmańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskościom	nietasmańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskość	nietasmańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietasmańskość	nietasmańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowościach	nietastrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowościami	nietastrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowością	nietastrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowości	nietastrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowości	nietastrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowości	nietastrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowości	nietastrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowości	nietastrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowościom	nietastrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowość	nietastrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowość	nietastrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietastrowa	nietastrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietastrową	nietastrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietastrową	nietastrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietastrowego	nietastrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietastrowego	nietastrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietastrowej	nietastrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietastrowej	nietastrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietastrowej	nietastrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietastrowemu	nietastrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietastrowe	nietastrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietastrowe	nietastrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietastrowe	nietastrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietastrowe	nietastrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietastrowi	nietastrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietastrowych	nietastrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietastrowych	nietastrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietastrowych	nietastrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietastrowymi	nietastrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietastrowym	nietastrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietastrowym	nietastrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietastrowym	nietastrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietastrowy	nietastrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietastrowy	nietastrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaszkenccy	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaszkencka	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaszkencką	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaszkencką	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaszkenckich	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaszkenckich	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkenckich	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkenckiego	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaszkenckiego	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkenckiej	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaszkenckiej	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaszkenckiej	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaszkenckiemu	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkenckie	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkenckie	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkenckie	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaszkenckie	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaszkenckimi	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkenckim	nietaszkencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkenckim	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkenckim	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkencki	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaszkencki	nietaszkencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaszkencko	nietaszkencko	adv:pos		
nietaszkenckościach	nietaszkenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckościami	nietaszkenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckością	nietaszkenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckości	nietaszkenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckości	nietaszkenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckości	nietaszkenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckości	nietaszkenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckości	nietaszkenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckościom	nietaszkenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckość	nietaszkenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkenckość	nietaszkenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienccy	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaszkiencka	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaszkiencką	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaszkiencką	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaszkienckich	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaszkienckich	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkienckich	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkienckiego	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaszkienckiego	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkienckiej	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaszkienckiej	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaszkienckiej	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaszkienckiemu	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkienckie	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkienckie	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkienckie	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaszkienckie	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaszkienckimi	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkienckim	nietaszkiencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszkienckim	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkienckim	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszkiencki	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaszkiencki	nietaszkiencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaszkiencko	nietaszkiencko	adv:pos		
nietaszkienckościach	nietaszkienckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckościami	nietaszkienckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckością	nietaszkienckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckości	nietaszkienckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckości	nietaszkienckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckości	nietaszkienckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckości	nietaszkienckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckości	nietaszkienckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckościom	nietaszkienckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckość	nietaszkienckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszkienckość	nietaszkienckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatościach	nietaszowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatościami	nietaszowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatością	nietaszowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatości	nietaszowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatości	nietaszowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatości	nietaszowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatości	nietaszowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatości	nietaszowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatościom	nietaszowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatość	nietaszowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowatość	nietaszowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszowaci	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaszowata	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaszowatą	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaszowatą	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaszowatego	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaszowatego	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszowatej	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaszowatej	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaszowatej	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaszowatemu	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszowate	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszowate	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszowate	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaszowate	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaszowatych	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaszowatych	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszowatych	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszowatymi	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszowatym	nietaszowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszowatym	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszowatym	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszowaty	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaszowaty	nietaszowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaszystowscy	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaszystowska	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaszystowską	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaszystowską	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaszystowskich	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaszystowskich	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszystowskich	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszystowskiego	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaszystowskiego	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszystowskiej	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaszystowskiej	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaszystowskiej	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaszystowskiemu	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszystowskie	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszystowskie	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszystowskie	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaszystowskie	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaszystowskimi	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszystowskim	nietaszystowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaszystowskim	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszystowskim	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaszystowski	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaszystowski	nietaszystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaszystowsko	nietaszystowsko	adv:pos		
nietaszystowskościach	nietaszystowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskościami	nietaszystowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskością	nietaszystowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskości	nietaszystowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskości	nietaszystowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskości	nietaszystowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskości	nietaszystowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskości	nietaszystowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskościom	nietaszystowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskość	nietaszystowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaszystowskość	nietaszystowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatościach	nietaśmowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatościami	nietaśmowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatością	nietaśmowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatości	nietaśmowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatości	nietaśmowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatości	nietaśmowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatości	nietaśmowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatości	nietaśmowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatościom	nietaśmowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatość	nietaśmowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowatość	nietaśmowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowaci	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaśmowata	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaśmowatą	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaśmowatą	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaśmowatego	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaśmowatego	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowatej	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaśmowatej	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaśmowatej	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaśmowatemu	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowate	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowate	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowate	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaśmowate	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaśmowatych	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaśmowatych	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowatych	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowatymi	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowatym	nietaśmowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowatym	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowatym	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowaty	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaśmowaty	nietaśmowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaśmowo	nietaśmowo	adv:pos		
nietaśmowościach	nietaśmowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowościami	nietaśmowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowością	nietaśmowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowości	nietaśmowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowości	nietaśmowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowości	nietaśmowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowości	nietaśmowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowości	nietaśmowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowościom	nietaśmowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowość	nietaśmowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowość	nietaśmowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaśmowa	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaśmową	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaśmową	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaśmowego	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaśmowego	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowej	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaśmowej	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaśmowej	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaśmowemu	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowe	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowe	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowe	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaśmowe	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaśmowi	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaśmowych	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaśmowych	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowych	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowymi	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowym	nietaśmowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaśmowym	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowym	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaśmowy	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaśmowy	nietaśmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatarakowościach	nietatarakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowościami	nietatarakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowością	nietatarakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowości	nietatarakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowości	nietatarakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowości	nietatarakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowości	nietatarakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowości	nietatarakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowościom	nietatarakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowość	nietatarakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowość	nietatarakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarakowa	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatarakową	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatarakową	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatarakowego	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatarakowego	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarakowej	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatarakowej	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatarakowej	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatarakowemu	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarakowe	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarakowe	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarakowe	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatarakowe	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatarakowi	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatarakowych	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatarakowych	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarakowych	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarakowymi	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarakowym	nietatarakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarakowym	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarakowym	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarakowy	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatarakowy	nietatarakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatarczanościach	nietatarczaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczanościami	nietatarczaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczanością	nietatarczaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczaności	nietatarczaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczaności	nietatarczaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczaności	nietatarczaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczaności	nietatarczaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczaności	nietatarczaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczanościom	nietatarczaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczaność	nietatarczaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczaność	nietatarczaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarczana	nietatarczany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatarczaną	nietatarczany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatarczaną	nietatarczany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatarczanego	nietatarczany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatarczanego	nietatarczany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarczanej	nietatarczany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatarczanej	nietatarczany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatarczanej	nietatarczany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatarczanemu	nietatarczany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarczane	nietatarczany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarczane	nietatarczany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarczane	nietatarczany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatarczane	nietatarczany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatarczani	nietatarczany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatarczanych	nietatarczany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatarczanych	nietatarczany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarczanych	nietatarczany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarczanymi	nietatarczany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarczanym	nietatarczany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarczanym	nietatarczany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarczanym	nietatarczany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarczany	nietatarczany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatarczany	nietatarczany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatarscy	nietatarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatarska	nietatarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatarską	nietatarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatarską	nietatarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatarskich	nietatarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatarskich	nietatarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarskich	nietatarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarskiego	nietatarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatarskiego	nietatarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarskiej	nietatarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatarskiej	nietatarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatarskiej	nietatarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatarskiemu	nietatarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarskie	nietatarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarskie	nietatarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarskie	nietatarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatarskie	nietatarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatarskimi	nietatarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarskim	nietatarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatarskim	nietatarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarskim	nietatarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatarski	nietatarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatarski	nietatarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatarsko	nietatarsko	adv:pos		
nietatarskościach	nietatarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskościami	nietatarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskością	nietatarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskości	nietatarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskości	nietatarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskości	nietatarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskości	nietatarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskości	nietatarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskościom	nietatarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskość	nietatarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatarskość	nietatarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniccy	nietaternicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaternicka	nietaternicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaternicką	nietaternicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaternicką	nietaternicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaternickich	nietaternicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaternickich	nietaternicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternickich	nietaternicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternickiego	nietaternicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaternickiego	nietaternicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaternickiej	nietaternicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaternickiej	nietaternicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaternickiej	nietaternicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaternickiemu	nietaternicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaternickie	nietaternicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternickie	nietaternicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternickie	nietaternicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaternickie	nietaternicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaternickimi	nietaternicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternickim	nietaternicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternickim	nietaternicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaternickim	nietaternicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaternicki	nietaternicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaternicki	nietaternicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaternicko	nietaternicko	adv:pos		
nietaternickościach	nietaternickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickościami	nietaternickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickością	nietaternickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickości	nietaternickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickości	nietaternickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickości	nietaternickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickości	nietaternickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickości	nietaternickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickościom	nietaternickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickość	nietaternickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternickość	nietaternickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczościach	nietaterniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczościami	nietaterniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczością	nietaterniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczości	nietaterniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczości	nietaterniczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczości	nietaterniczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczości	nietaterniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczości	nietaterniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczościom	nietaterniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczość	nietaterniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaterniczość	nietaterniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaternicza	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaterniczą	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaterniczą	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaterniczego	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaterniczego	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaterniczej	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaterniczej	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaterniczej	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaterniczemu	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaternicze	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternicze	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaternicze	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaternicze	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaterniczych	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaterniczych	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaterniczych	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaterniczymi	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaterniczym	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaterniczym	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaterniczym	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaterniczy	nietaterniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaterniczy	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaterniczy	nietaterniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatowościach	nietatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowościami	nietatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowością	nietatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowości	nietatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowości	nietatowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowości	nietatowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowości	nietatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowości	nietatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowościom	nietatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowość	nietatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowość	nietatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatowa	nietatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatową	nietatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatową	nietatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatowego	nietatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatowego	nietatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatowej	nietatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatowej	nietatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatowej	nietatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatowemu	nietatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatowe	nietatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatowe	nietatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatowe	nietatowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatowe	nietatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatowi	nietatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatowych	nietatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatowych	nietatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatowych	nietatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatowymi	nietatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatowym	nietatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatowym	nietatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatowym	nietatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatowy	nietatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatowy	nietatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatrzańscy	nietatrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatrzańska	nietatrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatrzańską	nietatrzański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatrzańską	nietatrzański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatrzańskich	nietatrzański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatrzańskich	nietatrzański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatrzańskich	nietatrzański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatrzańskiego	nietatrzański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatrzańskiego	nietatrzański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatrzańskiej	nietatrzański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatrzańskiej	nietatrzański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatrzańskiej	nietatrzański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatrzańskiemu	nietatrzański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatrzańskie	nietatrzański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatrzańskie	nietatrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatrzańskie	nietatrzański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatrzańskie	nietatrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatrzańskimi	nietatrzański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatrzańskim	nietatrzański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatrzańskim	nietatrzański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatrzańskim	nietatrzański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatrzański	nietatrzański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatrzański	nietatrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatrzańsko	nietatrzańsko	adv:pos		
nietatrzańskościach	nietatrzańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskościami	nietatrzańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskością	nietatrzańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskości	nietatrzańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskości	nietatrzańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskości	nietatrzańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskości	nietatrzańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskości	nietatrzańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskościom	nietatrzańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskość	nietatrzańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatrzańskość	nietatrzańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowościach	nietatuażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowościami	nietatuażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowością	nietatuażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowości	nietatuażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowości	nietatuażowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowości	nietatuażowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowości	nietatuażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowości	nietatuażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowościom	nietatuażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowość	nietatuażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowość	nietatuażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatuażowa	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatuażową	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatuażową	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatuażowego	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatuażowego	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatuażowej	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatuażowej	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatuażowej	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatuażowemu	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatuażowe	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatuażowe	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatuażowe	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatuażowe	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatuażowi	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatuażowych	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatuażowych	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatuażowych	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatuażowymi	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatuażowym	nietatuażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatuażowym	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatuażowym	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatuażowy	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatuażowy	nietatuażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatulowościach	nietatulowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowościami	nietatulowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowością	nietatulowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowości	nietatulowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowości	nietatulowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowości	nietatulowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowości	nietatulowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowości	nietatulowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowościom	nietatulowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowość	nietatulowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowość	nietatulowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatulowa	nietatulowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatulową	nietatulowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatulową	nietatulowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatulowego	nietatulowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatulowego	nietatulowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatulowej	nietatulowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatulowej	nietatulowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatulowej	nietatulowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatulowemu	nietatulowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatulowe	nietatulowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatulowe	nietatulowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatulowe	nietatulowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatulowe	nietatulowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatulowi	nietatulowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatulowych	nietatulowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatulowych	nietatulowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatulowych	nietatulowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatulowymi	nietatulowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatulowym	nietatulowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatulowym	nietatulowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatulowym	nietatulowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatulowy	nietatulowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatulowy	nietatulowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatusinościach	nietatusiność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusinościami	nietatusiność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusinością	nietatusiność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiności	nietatusiność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiności	nietatusiność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiności	nietatusiność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiności	nietatusiność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiności	nietatusiność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusinościom	nietatusiność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiność	nietatusiność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiność	nietatusiność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusina	nietatusiny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatusiną	nietatusiny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatusiną	nietatusiny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatusinego	nietatusiny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatusinego	nietatusiny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusinej	nietatusiny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatusinej	nietatusiny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatusinej	nietatusiny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatusinemu	nietatusiny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusine	nietatusiny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusine	nietatusiny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusine	nietatusiny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatusine	nietatusiny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatusini	nietatusiny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatusin	nietatusiny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatusin	nietatusiny	adj:sg:nom:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatusinych	nietatusiny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatusinych	nietatusiny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusinych	nietatusiny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusinymi	nietatusiny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusinym	nietatusiny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusinym	nietatusiny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusinym	nietatusiny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusiny	nietatusiny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatusiny	nietatusiny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietatusiowościach	nietatusiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowościami	nietatusiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowością	nietatusiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowości	nietatusiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowości	nietatusiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowości	nietatusiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowości	nietatusiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowości	nietatusiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowościom	nietatusiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowość	nietatusiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowość	nietatusiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietatusiowa	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietatusiową	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietatusiową	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietatusiowego	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietatusiowego	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusiowej	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietatusiowej	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietatusiowej	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietatusiowemu	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusiowe	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusiowe	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusiowe	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietatusiowe	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietatusiowi	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietatusiowych	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietatusiowych	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusiowych	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusiowymi	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusiowym	nietatusiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietatusiowym	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusiowym	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietatusiowy	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietatusiowy	nietatusiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaurowościach	nietaurowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowościami	nietaurowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowością	nietaurowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowości	nietaurowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowości	nietaurowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowości	nietaurowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowości	nietaurowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowości	nietaurowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowościom	nietaurowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowość	nietaurowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowość	nietaurowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurowa	nietaurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaurową	nietaurowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaurową	nietaurowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaurowego	nietaurowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaurowego	nietaurowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurowej	nietaurowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaurowej	nietaurowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaurowej	nietaurowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaurowemu	nietaurowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurowe	nietaurowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurowe	nietaurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurowe	nietaurowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaurowe	nietaurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaurowi	nietaurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaurowych	nietaurowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaurowych	nietaurowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurowych	nietaurowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurowymi	nietaurowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurowym	nietaurowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurowym	nietaurowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurowym	nietaurowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurowy	nietaurowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaurowy	nietaurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaurydzcy	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietaurydzka	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietaurydzką	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietaurydzką	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietaurydzkich	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietaurydzkich	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurydzkich	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurydzkiego	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietaurydzkiego	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurydzkiej	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietaurydzkiej	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietaurydzkiej	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietaurydzkiemu	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurydzkie	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurydzkie	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurydzkie	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietaurydzkie	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietaurydzkimi	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurydzkim	nietaurydzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietaurydzkim	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurydzkim	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietaurydzki	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietaurydzki	nietaurydzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietaurydzko	nietaurydzko	adv:pos		
nietaurydzkościach	nietaurydzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkościami	nietaurydzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkością	nietaurydzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkości	nietaurydzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkości	nietaurydzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkości	nietaurydzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkości	nietaurydzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkości	nietaurydzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkościom	nietaurydzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkość	nietaurydzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietaurydzkość	nietaurydzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologicznościach	nietautologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologicznościami	nietautologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologicznością	nietautologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczności	nietautologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczności	nietautologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczności	nietautologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczności	nietautologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczności	nietautologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologicznościom	nietautologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczność	nietautologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczność	nietautologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautologiczna	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietautologiczną	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietautologiczną	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietautologicznego	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietautologicznego	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautologicznej	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietautologicznej	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietautologicznej	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietautologicznemu	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautologiczne	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautologiczne	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautologiczne	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietautologiczne	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietautologiczni	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietautologicznych	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietautologicznych	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautologicznych	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautologicznymi	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautologicznym	nietautologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautologicznym	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautologicznym	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautologiczny	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietautologiczny	nietautologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietautomerycznościach	nietautomeryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomerycznościami	nietautomeryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomerycznością	nietautomeryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczności	nietautomeryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczności	nietautomeryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczności	nietautomeryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczności	nietautomeryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczności	nietautomeryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomerycznościom	nietautomeryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczność	nietautomeryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczność	nietautomeryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietautomeryczna	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietautomeryczną	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietautomeryczną	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietautomerycznego	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietautomerycznego	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautomerycznej	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietautomerycznej	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietautomerycznej	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietautomerycznemu	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautomeryczne	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautomeryczne	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautomeryczne	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietautomeryczne	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietautomeryczni	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietautomerycznych	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietautomerycznych	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautomerycznych	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautomerycznymi	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautomerycznym	nietautomeryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietautomerycznym	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautomerycznym	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietautomeryczny	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietautomeryczny	nietautomeryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietawernowościach	nietawernowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowościami	nietawernowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowością	nietawernowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowości	nietawernowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowości	nietawernowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowości	nietawernowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowości	nietawernowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowości	nietawernowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowościom	nietawernowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowość	nietawernowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowość	nietawernowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawernowa	nietawernowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietawernową	nietawernowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietawernową	nietawernowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietawernowego	nietawernowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietawernowego	nietawernowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawernowej	nietawernowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietawernowej	nietawernowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietawernowej	nietawernowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietawernowemu	nietawernowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawernowe	nietawernowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawernowe	nietawernowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawernowe	nietawernowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietawernowe	nietawernowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietawernowi	nietawernowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietawernowych	nietawernowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietawernowych	nietawernowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawernowych	nietawernowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawernowymi	nietawernowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawernowym	nietawernowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawernowym	nietawernowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawernowym	nietawernowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawernowy	nietawernowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietawernowy	nietawernowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietawułowościach	nietawułowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowościami	nietawułowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowością	nietawułowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowości	nietawułowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowości	nietawułowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowości	nietawułowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowości	nietawułowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowości	nietawułowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowościom	nietawułowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowość	nietawułowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowość	nietawułowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietawułowa	nietawułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietawułową	nietawułowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietawułową	nietawułowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietawułowego	nietawułowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietawułowego	nietawułowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawułowej	nietawułowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietawułowej	nietawułowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietawułowej	nietawułowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietawułowemu	nietawułowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawułowe	nietawułowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawułowe	nietawułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawułowe	nietawułowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietawułowe	nietawułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietawułowi	nietawułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietawułowych	nietawułowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietawułowych	nietawułowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawułowych	nietawułowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawułowymi	nietawułowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawułowym	nietawułowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietawułowym	nietawułowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawułowym	nietawułowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietawułowy	nietawułowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietawułowy	nietawułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietbiliscy	nietbiliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietbiliska	nietbiliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietbiliską	nietbiliski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietbiliską	nietbiliski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietbiliskich	nietbiliski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietbiliskich	nietbiliski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietbiliskich	nietbiliski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietbiliskiego	nietbiliski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietbiliskiego	nietbiliski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietbiliskiej	nietbiliski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietbiliskiej	nietbiliski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietbiliskiej	nietbiliski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietbiliskiemu	nietbiliski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietbiliskie	nietbiliski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietbiliskie	nietbiliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietbiliskie	nietbiliski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietbiliskie	nietbiliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietbiliskimi	nietbiliski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietbiliskim	nietbiliski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietbiliskim	nietbiliski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietbiliskim	nietbiliski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietbiliski	nietbiliski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietbiliski	nietbiliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietbilisko	nietbilisko	adv:pos		
nietbiliskościach	nietbiliskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskościami	nietbiliskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskością	nietbiliskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskości	nietbiliskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskości	nietbiliskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskości	nietbiliskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskości	nietbiliskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskości	nietbiliskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskościom	nietbiliskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskość	nietbiliskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietbiliskość	nietbiliskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowościach	nietchawicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowościami	nietchawicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowością	nietchawicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowości	nietchawicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowości	nietchawicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowości	nietchawicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowości	nietchawicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowości	nietchawicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowościom	nietchawicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowość	nietchawicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowość	nietchawicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicowa	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietchawicową	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietchawicową	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietchawicowego	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietchawicowego	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawicowej	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietchawicowej	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietchawicowej	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietchawicowemu	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawicowe	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicowe	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicowe	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietchawicowe	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietchawicowi	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietchawicowych	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietchawicowych	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicowych	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicowymi	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicowym	nietchawicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicowym	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawicowym	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawicowy	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietchawicowy	nietchawicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietchawicznościach	nietchawiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicznościami	nietchawiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicznością	nietchawiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczności	nietchawiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczności	nietchawiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczności	nietchawiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczności	nietchawiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczności	nietchawiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawicznościom	nietchawiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczność	nietchawiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczność	nietchawiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawiczna	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietchawiczną	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietchawiczną	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietchawicznego	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietchawicznego	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawicznej	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietchawicznej	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietchawicznej	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietchawicznemu	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawiczne	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawiczne	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawiczne	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietchawiczne	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietchawiczni	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietchawicznych	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietchawicznych	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicznych	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicznymi	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicznym	nietchawiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawicznym	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawicznym	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawiczny	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietchawiczny	nietchawiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietchawkodysznościach	nietchawkodyszność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodysznościami	nietchawkodyszność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodysznością	nietchawkodyszność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszności	nietchawkodyszność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszności	nietchawkodyszność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszności	nietchawkodyszność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszności	nietchawkodyszność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszności	nietchawkodyszność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodysznościom	nietchawkodyszność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszność	nietchawkodyszność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszność	nietchawkodyszność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkodyszna	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietchawkodyszną	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietchawkodyszną	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietchawkodysznego	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietchawkodysznego	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkodysznej	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietchawkodysznej	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietchawkodysznej	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietchawkodysznemu	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkodyszne	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkodyszne	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkodyszne	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietchawkodyszne	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietchawkodyszni	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietchawkodysznych	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietchawkodysznych	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkodysznych	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkodysznymi	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkodysznym	nietchawkodyszny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkodysznym	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkodysznym	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkodyszny	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietchawkodyszny	nietchawkodyszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietchawkowościach	nietchawkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowościami	nietchawkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowością	nietchawkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowości	nietchawkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowości	nietchawkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowości	nietchawkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowości	nietchawkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowości	nietchawkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowościom	nietchawkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowość	nietchawkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowość	nietchawkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchawkowa	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietchawkową	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietchawkową	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietchawkowego	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietchawkowego	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkowej	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietchawkowej	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietchawkowej	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietchawkowemu	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkowe	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkowe	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkowe	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietchawkowe	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietchawkowi	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietchawkowych	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietchawkowych	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkowych	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkowymi	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkowym	nietchawkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchawkowym	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkowym	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchawkowy	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietchawkowy	nietchawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietchórzliwie	nietchórzliwie	adv:pos		
nietchórzliwościach	nietchórzliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwościami	nietchórzliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwością	nietchórzliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwości	nietchórzliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwości	nietchórzliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwości	nietchórzliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwości	nietchórzliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwości	nietchórzliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwościom	nietchórzliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwość	nietchórzliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwość	nietchórzliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzliwa	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietchórzliwą	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietchórzliwą	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietchórzliwego	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietchórzliwego	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzliwej	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietchórzliwej	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietchórzliwej	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietchórzliwemu	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzliwe	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzliwe	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzliwe	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietchórzliwe	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietchórzliwi	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietchórzliwych	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietchórzliwych	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzliwych	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzliwymi	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzliwym	nietchórzliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzliwym	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzliwym	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzliwy	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietchórzliwy	nietchórzliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietchórzowato	nietchórzowato	adv:pos		
nietchórzowatościach	nietchórzowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatościami	nietchórzowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatością	nietchórzowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatości	nietchórzowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatości	nietchórzowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatości	nietchórzowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatości	nietchórzowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatości	nietchórzowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatościom	nietchórzowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatość	nietchórzowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowatość	nietchórzowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowaci	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietchórzowata	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietchórzowatą	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietchórzowatą	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietchórzowatego	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietchórzowatego	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowatej	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietchórzowatej	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietchórzowatej	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietchórzowatemu	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowate	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowate	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowate	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietchórzowate	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietchórzowatych	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietchórzowatych	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowatych	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowatymi	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowatym	nietchórzowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowatym	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowatym	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowaty	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietchórzowaty	nietchórzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietchórzowscy	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietchórzowska	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietchórzowską	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietchórzowską	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietchórzowskich	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietchórzowskich	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowskich	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowskiego	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietchórzowskiego	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowskiej	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietchórzowskiej	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietchórzowskiej	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietchórzowskiemu	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowskie	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowskie	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowskie	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietchórzowskie	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietchórzowskimi	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowskim	nietchórzowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietchórzowskim	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowskim	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietchórzowski	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietchórzowski	nietchórzowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietchórzowsko	nietchórzowsko	adv:pos		
nietchórzowskościach	nietchórzowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskościami	nietchórzowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskością	nietchórzowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskości	nietchórzowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskości	nietchórzowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskości	nietchórzowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskości	nietchórzowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskości	nietchórzowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskościom	nietchórzowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskość	nietchórzowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietchórzowskość	nietchórzowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewscy	nietczewski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietczewska	nietczewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietczewską	nietczewski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietczewską	nietczewski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietczewskich	nietczewski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietczewskich	nietczewski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczewskich	nietczewski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczewskiego	nietczewski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietczewskiego	nietczewski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczewskiej	nietczewski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietczewskiej	nietczewski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietczewskiej	nietczewski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietczewskiemu	nietczewski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczewskie	nietczewski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczewskie	nietczewski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczewskie	nietczewski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietczewskie	nietczewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietczewskimi	nietczewski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczewskim	nietczewski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczewskim	nietczewski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczewskim	nietczewski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczewski	nietczewski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietczewski	nietczewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietczewsko	nietczewsko	adv:pos		
nietczewskościach	nietczewskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskościami	nietczewskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskością	nietczewskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskości	nietczewskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskości	nietczewskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskości	nietczewskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskości	nietczewskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskości	nietczewskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskościom	nietczewskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskość	nietczewskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczewskość	nietczewskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowscy	nietczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietczowska	nietczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietczowską	nietczowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietczowską	nietczowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietczowskich	nietczowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietczowskich	nietczowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczowskich	nietczowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczowskiego	nietczowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietczowskiego	nietczowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczowskiej	nietczowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietczowskiej	nietczowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietczowskiej	nietczowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietczowskiemu	nietczowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczowskie	nietczowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczowskie	nietczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczowskie	nietczowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietczowskie	nietczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietczowskimi	nietczowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczowskim	nietczowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietczowskim	nietczowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczowskim	nietczowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietczowski	nietczowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietczowski	nietczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietczowsko	nietczowsko	adv:pos		
nietczowskościach	nietczowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskościami	nietczowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskością	nietczowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskości	nietczowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskości	nietczowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskości	nietczowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskości	nietczowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskości	nietczowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskościom	nietczowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskość	nietczowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietczowskość	nietczowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowościach	nieteakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowościami	nieteakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowością	nieteakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowości	nieteakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowości	nieteakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowości	nieteakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowości	nieteakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowości	nieteakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowościom	nieteakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowość	nieteakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowość	nieteakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteakowa	nieteakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteakową	nieteakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteakową	nieteakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteakowego	nieteakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteakowego	nieteakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteakowej	nieteakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteakowej	nieteakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteakowej	nieteakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteakowemu	nieteakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteakowe	nieteakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteakowe	nieteakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteakowe	nieteakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteakowe	nieteakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteakowi	nieteakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteakowych	nieteakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteakowych	nieteakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteakowych	nieteakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteakowymi	nieteakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteakowym	nieteakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteakowym	nieteakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteakowym	nieteakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteakowy	nieteakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteakowy	nieteakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteatralnie	nieteatralnie	adv:pos		
nieteatralnościach	nieteatralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralnościami	nieteatralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralnością	nieteatralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralności	nieteatralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralności	nieteatralność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralności	nieteatralność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralności	nieteatralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralności	nieteatralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralnościom	nieteatralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralność	nieteatralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralność	nieteatralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatralna	nieteatralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteatralną	nieteatralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteatralną	nieteatralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteatralnego	nieteatralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteatralnego	nieteatralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatralnej	nieteatralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteatralnej	nieteatralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteatralnej	nieteatralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteatralnemu	nieteatralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatralne	nieteatralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatralne	nieteatralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatralne	nieteatralny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteatralne	nieteatralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteatralni	nieteatralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteatralnych	nieteatralny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteatralnych	nieteatralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatralnych	nieteatralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatralnymi	nieteatralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatralnym	nieteatralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatralnym	nieteatralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatralnym	nieteatralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatralny	nieteatralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteatralny	nieteatralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteatrologicznościach	nieteatrologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologicznościami	nieteatrologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologicznością	nieteatrologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczności	nieteatrologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczności	nieteatrologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczności	nieteatrologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczności	nieteatrologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczności	nieteatrologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologicznościom	nieteatrologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczność	nieteatrologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczność	nieteatrologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatrologiczna	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteatrologiczną	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteatrologiczną	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteatrologicznego	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteatrologicznego	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatrologicznej	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteatrologicznej	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteatrologicznej	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteatrologicznemu	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatrologiczne	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatrologiczne	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatrologiczne	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteatrologiczne	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteatrologiczni	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteatrologicznych	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteatrologicznych	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatrologicznych	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatrologicznymi	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatrologicznym	nieteatrologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatrologicznym	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatrologicznym	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatrologiczny	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteatrologiczny	nieteatrologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteatroznawczościach	nieteatroznawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczościami	nieteatroznawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczością	nieteatroznawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczości	nieteatroznawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczości	nieteatroznawczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczości	nieteatroznawczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczości	nieteatroznawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczości	nieteatroznawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczościom	nieteatroznawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczość	nieteatroznawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawczość	nieteatroznawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatroznawcza	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteatroznawczą	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteatroznawczą	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteatroznawczego	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteatroznawczego	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatroznawczej	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteatroznawczej	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteatroznawczej	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteatroznawczemu	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatroznawcze	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatroznawcze	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatroznawcze	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteatroznawcze	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteatroznawczych	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteatroznawczych	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatroznawczych	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatroznawczymi	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatroznawczym	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatroznawczym	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatroznawczym	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatroznawczy	nieteatroznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteatroznawczy	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteatroznawczy	nieteatroznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteatyńscy	nieteatyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteatyńska	nieteatyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteatyńską	nieteatyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteatyńską	nieteatyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteatyńskich	nieteatyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteatyńskich	nieteatyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatyńskich	nieteatyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatyńskiego	nieteatyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteatyńskiego	nieteatyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatyńskiej	nieteatyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteatyńskiej	nieteatyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteatyńskiej	nieteatyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteatyńskiemu	nieteatyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatyńskie	nieteatyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatyńskie	nieteatyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatyńskie	nieteatyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteatyńskie	nieteatyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteatyńskimi	nieteatyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatyńskim	nieteatyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteatyńskim	nieteatyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatyńskim	nieteatyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteatyński	nieteatyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteatyński	nieteatyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteatyńsko	nieteatyńsko	adv:pos		
nieteatyńskościach	nieteatyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskościami	nieteatyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskością	nieteatyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskości	nieteatyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskości	nieteatyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskości	nieteatyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskości	nieteatyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskości	nieteatyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskościom	nieteatyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskość	nieteatyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteatyńskość	nieteatyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańscy	nietebański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietebańska	nietebański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietebańską	nietebański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietebańską	nietebański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietebańskich	nietebański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietebańskich	nietebański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietebańskich	nietebański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietebańskiego	nietebański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietebańskiego	nietebański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietebańskiej	nietebański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietebańskiej	nietebański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietebańskiej	nietebański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietebańskiemu	nietebański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietebańskie	nietebański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietebańskie	nietebański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietebańskie	nietebański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietebańskie	nietebański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietebańskimi	nietebański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietebańskim	nietebański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietebańskim	nietebański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietebańskim	nietebański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietebański	nietebański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietebański	nietebański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietebańsko	nietebańsko	adv:pos		
nietebańskościach	nietebańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskościami	nietebańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskością	nietebańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskości	nietebańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskości	nietebańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskości	nietebańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskości	nietebańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskości	nietebańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskościom	nietebańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskość	nietebańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietebańskość	nietebańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystycznościach	nietechnicystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystycznościami	nietechnicystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystycznością	nietechnicystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczności	nietechnicystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczności	nietechnicystyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczności	nietechnicystyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczności	nietechnicystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczności	nietechnicystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystycznościom	nietechnicystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczność	nietechnicystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczność	nietechnicystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicystyczna	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietechnicystyczną	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietechnicystyczną	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietechnicystycznego	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietechnicystycznego	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicystycznej	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietechnicystycznej	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietechnicystycznej	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietechnicystycznemu	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicystyczne	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicystyczne	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicystyczne	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietechnicystyczne	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietechnicystyczni	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietechnicystycznych	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietechnicystycznych	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicystycznych	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicystycznymi	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicystycznym	nietechnicystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicystycznym	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicystycznym	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicystyczny	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietechnicystyczny	nietechnicystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietechnicznie	nietechnicznie	adv:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowościach	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowościami	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowością	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowości	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowości	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowości	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowości	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowości	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowościom	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	nietechnicznoprzemysłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznoprzemysłowa	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłową	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłową	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowego	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowego	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowej	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowej	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowej	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowemu	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowe	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowe	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowe	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowe	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowi	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowych	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowych	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowych	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowymi	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowym	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowym	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowym	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	nietechnicznoprzemysłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietechnicznościach	nietechniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznościami	nietechniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznością	nietechniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczności	nietechniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczności	nietechniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczności	nietechniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczności	nietechniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczności	nietechniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnicznościom	nietechniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczność	nietechniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczność	nietechniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechniczna	nietechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietechniczną	nietechniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietechniczną	nietechniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietechnicznego	nietechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietechnicznego	nietechniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicznej	nietechniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietechnicznej	nietechniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietechnicznej	nietechniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietechnicznemu	nietechniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechniczne	nietechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechniczne	nietechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechniczne	nietechniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietechniczne	nietechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietechniczni	nietechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietechnicznych	nietechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietechnicznych	nietechniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznych	nietechniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznymi	nietechniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznym	nietechniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnicznym	nietechniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnicznym	nietechniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechniczny	nietechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietechniczny	nietechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietechnokratycznościach	nietechnokratyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratycznościami	nietechnokratyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratycznością	nietechnokratyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczności	nietechnokratyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczności	nietechnokratyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczności	nietechnokratyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczności	nietechnokratyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczności	nietechnokratyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratycznościom	nietechnokratyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczność	nietechnokratyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczność	nietechnokratyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnokratyczna	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietechnokratyczną	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietechnokratyczną	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietechnokratycznego	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietechnokratycznego	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnokratycznej	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietechnokratycznej	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietechnokratycznej	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietechnokratycznemu	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnokratyczne	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnokratyczne	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnokratyczne	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietechnokratyczne	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietechnokratyczni	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietechnokratycznych	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietechnokratycznych	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnokratycznych	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnokratycznymi	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnokratycznym	nietechnokratyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnokratycznym	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnokratycznym	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnokratyczny	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietechnokratyczny	nietechnokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietechnologicznie	nietechnologicznie	adv:pos		
nietechnologicznościach	nietechnologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologicznościami	nietechnologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologicznością	nietechnologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczności	nietechnologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczności	nietechnologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczności	nietechnologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczności	nietechnologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczności	nietechnologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologicznościom	nietechnologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczność	nietechnologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczność	nietechnologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietechnologiczna	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietechnologiczną	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietechnologiczną	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietechnologicznego	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietechnologicznego	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnologicznej	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietechnologicznej	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietechnologicznej	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietechnologicznemu	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnologiczne	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnologiczne	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnologiczne	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietechnologiczne	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietechnologiczni	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietechnologicznych	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietechnologicznych	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnologicznych	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnologicznymi	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnologicznym	nietechnologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietechnologicznym	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnologicznym	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietechnologiczny	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietechnologiczny	nietechnologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteczkowościach	nieteczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowościami	nieteczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowością	nieteczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowości	nieteczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowości	nieteczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowości	nieteczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowości	nieteczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowości	nieteczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowościom	nieteczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowość	nieteczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowość	nieteczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteczkowa	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteczkową	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteczkową	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteczkowego	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteczkowego	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteczkowej	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteczkowej	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteczkowej	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteczkowemu	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteczkowe	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteczkowe	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteczkowe	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteczkowe	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteczkowi	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteczkowych	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteczkowych	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteczkowych	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteczkowymi	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteczkowym	nieteczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteczkowym	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteczkowym	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteczkowy	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteczkowy	nieteczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteflonowościach	nieteflonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowościami	nieteflonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowością	nieteflonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowości	nieteflonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowości	nieteflonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowości	nieteflonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowości	nieteflonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowości	nieteflonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowościom	nieteflonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowość	nieteflonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowość	nieteflonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteflonowa	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteflonową	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteflonową	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteflonowego	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteflonowego	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteflonowej	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteflonowej	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteflonowej	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteflonowemu	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteflonowe	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteflonowe	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteflonowe	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteflonowe	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteflonowi	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteflonowych	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteflonowych	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteflonowych	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteflonowymi	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteflonowym	nieteflonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteflonowym	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteflonowym	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteflonowy	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteflonowy	nieteflonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietegoczesnościach	nietegoczesność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesnościami	nietegoczesność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesnością	nietegoczesność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesności	nietegoczesność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesności	nietegoczesność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesności	nietegoczesność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesności	nietegoczesność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesności	nietegoczesność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesnościom	nietegoczesność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesność	nietegoczesność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesność	nietegoczesność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoczesna	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietegoczesną	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietegoczesną	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietegoczesnego	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietegoczesnego	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegoczesnej	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietegoczesnej	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietegoczesnej	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietegoczesnemu	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegoczesne	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoczesne	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoczesne	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietegoczesne	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietegoczesnych	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietegoczesnych	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoczesnych	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoczesnymi	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoczesnym	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoczesnym	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegoczesnym	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegoczesny	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietegoczesny	nietegoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietegocześni	nietegoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietegorocznościach	nietegoroczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegorocznościami	nietegoroczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegorocznością	nietegoroczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczności	nietegoroczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczności	nietegoroczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczności	nietegoroczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczności	nietegoroczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczności	nietegoroczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegorocznościom	nietegoroczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczność	nietegoroczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczność	nietegoroczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegoroczna	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietegoroczną	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietegoroczną	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietegorocznego	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietegorocznego	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegorocznej	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietegorocznej	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietegorocznej	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietegorocznemu	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegoroczne	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoroczne	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegoroczne	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietegoroczne	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietegoroczni	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietegorocznych	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietegorocznych	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegorocznych	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegorocznymi	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegorocznym	nietegoroczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegorocznym	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegorocznym	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegoroczny	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietegoroczny	nietegoroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietegowiecznościach	nietegowieczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowiecznościami	nietegowieczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowiecznością	nietegowieczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczności	nietegowieczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczności	nietegowieczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczności	nietegowieczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczności	nietegowieczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczności	nietegowieczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowiecznościom	nietegowieczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczność	nietegowieczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczność	nietegowieczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietegowieczna	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietegowieczną	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietegowieczną	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietegowiecznego	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietegowiecznego	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegowiecznej	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietegowiecznej	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietegowiecznej	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietegowiecznemu	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegowieczne	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegowieczne	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegowieczne	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietegowieczne	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietegowieczni	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietegowiecznych	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietegowiecznych	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegowiecznych	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegowiecznymi	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegowiecznym	nietegowieczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietegowiecznym	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegowiecznym	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietegowieczny	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietegowieczny	nietegowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteherańscy	nieteherański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteherańska	nieteherański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteherańską	nieteherański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteherańską	nieteherański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteherańskich	nieteherański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteherańskich	nieteherański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteherańskich	nieteherański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteherańskiego	nieteherański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteherańskiego	nieteherański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteherańskiej	nieteherański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteherańskiej	nieteherański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteherańskiej	nieteherański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteherańskiemu	nieteherański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteherańskie	nieteherański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteherańskie	nieteherański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteherańskie	nieteherański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteherańskie	nieteherański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteherańskimi	nieteherański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteherańskim	nieteherański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteherańskim	nieteherański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteherańskim	nieteherański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteherański	nieteherański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteherański	nieteherański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteherańsko	nieteherańsko	adv:pos		
nieteherańskościach	nieteherańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskościami	nieteherańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskością	nieteherańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskości	nieteherańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskości	nieteherańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskości	nieteherańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskości	nieteherańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskości	nieteherańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskościom	nieteherańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskość	nieteherańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteherańskość	nieteherańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistycznościach	nieteistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistycznościami	nieteistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistycznością	nieteistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczności	nieteistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczności	nieteistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczności	nieteistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczności	nieteistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczności	nieteistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistycznościom	nieteistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczność	nieteistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczność	nieteistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteistyczna	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteistyczną	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteistyczną	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteistycznego	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteistycznego	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteistycznej	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteistycznej	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteistycznej	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteistycznemu	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteistyczne	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteistyczne	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteistyczne	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteistyczne	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteistyczni	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteistycznych	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteistycznych	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteistycznych	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteistycznymi	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteistycznym	nieteistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteistycznym	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteistycznym	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteistyczny	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteistyczny	nieteistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekakaefowscy	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekakaefowska	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekakaefowską	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekakaefowską	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekakaefowskich	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekakaefowskich	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskich	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskiego	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekakaefowskiego	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskiej	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekakaefowskiej	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekakaefowskiej	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekakaefowskiemu	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskie	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskie	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskie	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekakaefowskie	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekakaefowskimi	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskim	nietekakaefowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskim	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekakaefowskim	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekakaefowski	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekakaefowski	nietekakaefowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekakaefowsko	nietekakaefowsko	adv:pos		
nietekakaefowskościach	nietekakaefowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskościami	nietekakaefowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskością	nietekakaefowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskości	nietekakaefowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskości	nietekakaefowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskości	nietekakaefowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskości	nietekakaefowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskości	nietekakaefowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskościom	nietekakaefowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskość	nietekakaefowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekakaefowskość	nietekakaefowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowościach	nietekowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowościami	nietekowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowością	nietekowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowości	nietekowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowości	nietekowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowości	nietekowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowości	nietekowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowości	nietekowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowościom	nietekowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowość	nietekowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowość	nietekowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekowa	nietekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekową	nietekowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekową	nietekowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekowego	nietekowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekowego	nietekowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekowej	nietekowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekowej	nietekowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekowej	nietekowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekowemu	nietekowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekowe	nietekowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekowe	nietekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekowe	nietekowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekowe	nietekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekowi	nietekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekowych	nietekowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekowych	nietekowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekowych	nietekowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekowymi	nietekowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekowym	nietekowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekowym	nietekowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekowym	nietekowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekowy	nietekowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekowy	nietekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteksańscy	nieteksański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteksańska	nieteksański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteksańską	nieteksański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteksańską	nieteksański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteksańskich	nieteksański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteksańskich	nieteksański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksańskich	nieteksański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksańskiego	nieteksański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteksańskiego	nieteksański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksańskiej	nieteksański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteksańskiej	nieteksański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteksańskiej	nieteksański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteksańskiemu	nieteksański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksańskie	nieteksański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksańskie	nieteksański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksańskie	nieteksański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteksańskie	nieteksański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteksańskimi	nieteksański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksańskim	nieteksański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksańskim	nieteksański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksańskim	nieteksański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksański	nieteksański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteksański	nieteksański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteksańsko	nieteksańsko	adv:pos		
nieteksańskościach	nieteksańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskościami	nieteksańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskością	nieteksańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskości	nieteksańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskości	nieteksańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskości	nieteksańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskości	nieteksańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskości	nieteksańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskościom	nieteksańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskość	nieteksańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksańskość	nieteksańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksascy	nieteksaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteksaska	nieteksaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteksaską	nieteksaski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteksaską	nieteksaski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteksaskich	nieteksaski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteksaskich	nieteksaski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksaskich	nieteksaski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksaskiego	nieteksaski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteksaskiego	nieteksaski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksaskiej	nieteksaski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteksaskiej	nieteksaski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteksaskiej	nieteksaski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteksaskiemu	nieteksaski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksaskie	nieteksaski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksaskie	nieteksaski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksaskie	nieteksaski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteksaskie	nieteksaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteksaskimi	nieteksaski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksaskim	nieteksaski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksaskim	nieteksaski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksaskim	nieteksaski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksaski	nieteksaski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteksaski	nieteksaski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteksasko	nieteksasko	adv:pos		
nieteksaskościach	nieteksaskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskościami	nieteksaskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskością	nieteksaskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskości	nieteksaskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskości	nieteksaskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskości	nieteksaskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskości	nieteksaskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskości	nieteksaskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskościom	nieteksaskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskość	nieteksaskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksaskość	nieteksaskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowościach	nieteksasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowościami	nieteksasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowością	nieteksasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowości	nieteksasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowości	nieteksasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowości	nieteksasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowości	nieteksasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowości	nieteksasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowościom	nieteksasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowość	nieteksasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowość	nieteksasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteksasowa	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteksasową	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteksasową	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteksasowego	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteksasowego	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksasowej	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteksasowej	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteksasowej	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteksasowemu	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksasowe	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksasowe	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksasowe	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteksasowe	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteksasowi	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteksasowych	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteksasowych	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksasowych	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksasowymi	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksasowym	nieteksasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteksasowym	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksasowym	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteksasowy	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteksasowy	nieteksasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekstologicznościach	nietekstologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologicznościami	nietekstologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologicznością	nietekstologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczności	nietekstologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczności	nietekstologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczności	nietekstologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczności	nietekstologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczności	nietekstologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologicznościom	nietekstologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczność	nietekstologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczność	nietekstologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstologiczna	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekstologiczną	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekstologiczną	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekstologicznego	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekstologicznego	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstologicznej	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekstologicznej	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekstologicznej	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekstologicznemu	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstologiczne	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstologiczne	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstologiczne	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekstologiczne	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekstologiczni	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekstologicznych	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekstologicznych	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstologicznych	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstologicznymi	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstologicznym	nietekstologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstologicznym	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstologicznym	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstologiczny	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekstologiczny	nietekstologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekstotwórczościach	nietekstotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczościami	nietekstotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczością	nietekstotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczości	nietekstotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczości	nietekstotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczości	nietekstotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczości	nietekstotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczości	nietekstotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczościom	nietekstotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczość	nietekstotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórczość	nietekstotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstotwórcza	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekstotwórczą	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekstotwórczą	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekstotwórczego	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekstotwórczego	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstotwórczej	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekstotwórczej	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekstotwórczej	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekstotwórczemu	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstotwórcze	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstotwórcze	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstotwórcze	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekstotwórcze	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekstotwórczych	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekstotwórczych	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstotwórczych	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstotwórczymi	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstotwórczym	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstotwórczym	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstotwórczym	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstotwórczy	nietekstotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekstotwórczy	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekstotwórczy	nietekstotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekstowo	nietekstowo	adv:pos		
nietekstowościach	nietekstowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowościami	nietekstowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowością	nietekstowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowości	nietekstowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowości	nietekstowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowości	nietekstowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowości	nietekstowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowości	nietekstowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowościom	nietekstowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowość	nietekstowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowość	nietekstowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstowa	nietekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekstową	nietekstowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekstową	nietekstowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekstowego	nietekstowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekstowego	nietekstowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstowej	nietekstowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekstowej	nietekstowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekstowej	nietekstowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekstowemu	nietekstowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstowe	nietekstowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstowe	nietekstowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstowe	nietekstowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekstowe	nietekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekstowi	nietekstowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekstowych	nietekstowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekstowych	nietekstowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstowych	nietekstowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstowymi	nietekstowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstowym	nietekstowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstowym	nietekstowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstowym	nietekstowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstowy	nietekstowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekstowy	nietekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekstualnościach	nietekstualność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualnościami	nietekstualność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualnością	nietekstualność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualności	nietekstualność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualności	nietekstualność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualności	nietekstualność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualności	nietekstualność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualności	nietekstualność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualnościom	nietekstualność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualność	nietekstualność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualność	nietekstualność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstualna	nietekstualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekstualną	nietekstualny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekstualną	nietekstualny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekstualnego	nietekstualny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekstualnego	nietekstualny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstualnej	nietekstualny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekstualnej	nietekstualny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekstualnej	nietekstualny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekstualnemu	nietekstualny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstualne	nietekstualny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstualne	nietekstualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstualne	nietekstualny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekstualne	nietekstualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekstualni	nietekstualny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekstualnych	nietekstualny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekstualnych	nietekstualny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstualnych	nietekstualny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstualnymi	nietekstualny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstualnym	nietekstualny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstualnym	nietekstualny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstualnym	nietekstualny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstualny	nietekstualny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekstualny	nietekstualny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekstylnościach	nietekstylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylnościami	nietekstylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylnością	nietekstylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylności	nietekstylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylności	nietekstylność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylności	nietekstylność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylności	nietekstylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylności	nietekstylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylnościom	nietekstylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylność	nietekstylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylność	nietekstylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekstylna	nietekstylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekstylną	nietekstylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekstylną	nietekstylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekstylnego	nietekstylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekstylnego	nietekstylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstylnej	nietekstylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekstylnej	nietekstylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekstylnej	nietekstylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekstylnemu	nietekstylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstylne	nietekstylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstylne	nietekstylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstylne	nietekstylny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekstylne	nietekstylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekstylni	nietekstylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekstylnych	nietekstylny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekstylnych	nietekstylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstylnych	nietekstylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstylnymi	nietekstylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstylnym	nietekstylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekstylnym	nietekstylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstylnym	nietekstylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekstylny	nietekstylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekstylny	nietekstylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekściarscy	nietekściarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekściarska	nietekściarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekściarską	nietekściarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekściarską	nietekściarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekściarskich	nietekściarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekściarskich	nietekściarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekściarskich	nietekściarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekściarskiego	nietekściarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekściarskiego	nietekściarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekściarskiej	nietekściarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekściarskiej	nietekściarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekściarskiej	nietekściarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekściarskiemu	nietekściarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekściarskie	nietekściarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekściarskie	nietekściarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekściarskie	nietekściarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekściarskie	nietekściarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekściarskimi	nietekściarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekściarskim	nietekściarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekściarskim	nietekściarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekściarskim	nietekściarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekściarski	nietekściarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekściarski	nietekściarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietektonicznie	nietektonicznie	adv:pos		
nietektonicznościach	nietektoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektonicznościami	nietektoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektonicznością	nietektoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczności	nietektoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczności	nietektoniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczności	nietektoniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczności	nietektoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczności	nietektoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektonicznościom	nietektoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczność	nietektoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczność	nietektoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietektoniczna	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietektoniczną	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietektoniczną	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietektonicznego	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietektonicznego	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietektonicznej	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietektonicznej	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietektonicznej	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietektonicznemu	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietektoniczne	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietektoniczne	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietektoniczne	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietektoniczne	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietektoniczni	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietektonicznych	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietektonicznych	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietektonicznych	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietektonicznymi	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietektonicznym	nietektoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietektonicznym	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietektonicznym	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietektoniczny	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietektoniczny	nietektoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietekturowościach	nietekturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowościami	nietekturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowością	nietekturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowości	nietekturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowości	nietekturowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowości	nietekturowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowości	nietekturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowości	nietekturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowościom	nietekturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowość	nietekturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowość	nietekturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietekturowa	nietekturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietekturową	nietekturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietekturową	nietekturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietekturowego	nietekturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietekturowego	nietekturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekturowej	nietekturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietekturowej	nietekturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietekturowej	nietekturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietekturowemu	nietekturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekturowe	nietekturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekturowe	nietekturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekturowe	nietekturowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietekturowe	nietekturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietekturowi	nietekturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietekturowych	nietekturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietekturowych	nietekturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekturowych	nietekturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekturowymi	nietekturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekturowym	nietekturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietekturowym	nietekturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekturowym	nietekturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietekturowy	nietekturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietekturowy	nietekturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelatyńscy	nietelatyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelatyńska	nietelatyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelatyńską	nietelatyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelatyńską	nietelatyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelatyńskich	nietelatyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelatyńskich	nietelatyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelatyńskich	nietelatyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelatyńskiego	nietelatyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelatyńskiego	nietelatyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelatyńskiej	nietelatyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelatyńskiej	nietelatyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelatyńskiej	nietelatyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelatyńskiemu	nietelatyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelatyńskie	nietelatyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelatyńskie	nietelatyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelatyńskie	nietelatyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelatyńskie	nietelatyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelatyńskimi	nietelatyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelatyńskim	nietelatyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelatyńskim	nietelatyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelatyńskim	nietelatyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelatyński	nietelatyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelatyński	nietelatyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelatyńsko	nietelatyńsko	adv:pos		
nietelatyńskościach	nietelatyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskościami	nietelatyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskością	nietelatyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskości	nietelatyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskości	nietelatyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskości	nietelatyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskości	nietelatyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskości	nietelatyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskościom	nietelatyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskość	nietelatyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelatyńskość	nietelatyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwscy	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelawiwska	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelawiwską	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelawiwską	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelawiwskich	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelawiwskich	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelawiwskich	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelawiwskiego	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelawiwskiego	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelawiwskiej	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelawiwskiej	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelawiwskiej	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelawiwskiemu	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelawiwskie	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelawiwskie	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelawiwskie	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelawiwskie	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelawiwskimi	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelawiwskim	nietelawiwski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelawiwskim	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelawiwskim	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelawiwski	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelawiwski	nietelawiwski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelawiwsko	nietelawiwsko	adv:pos		
nietelawiwskościach	nietelawiwskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskościami	nietelawiwskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskością	nietelawiwskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskości	nietelawiwskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskości	nietelawiwskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskości	nietelawiwskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskości	nietelawiwskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskości	nietelawiwskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskościom	nietelawiwskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskość	nietelawiwskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelawiwskość	nietelawiwskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowościach	nieteleadresowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowościami	nieteleadresowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowością	nieteleadresowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowości	nieteleadresowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowości	nieteleadresowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowości	nieteleadresowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowości	nieteleadresowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowości	nieteleadresowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowościom	nieteleadresowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowość	nieteleadresowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowość	nieteleadresowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleadresowa	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleadresową	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleadresową	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleadresowego	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleadresowego	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleadresowej	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleadresowej	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleadresowej	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleadresowemu	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleadresowe	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleadresowe	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleadresowe	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleadresowe	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleadresowi	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleadresowych	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleadresowych	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleadresowych	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleadresowymi	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleadresowym	nieteleadresowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleadresowym	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleadresowym	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleadresowy	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleadresowy	nieteleadresowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnie	nieteledetekcyjnie	adv:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnościach	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjnościami	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjnością	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjności	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjności	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjności	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjności	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjności	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjnościom	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjność	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjność	nieteledetekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledetekcyjna	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteledetekcyjną	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteledetekcyjną	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnego	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnego	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnej	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnej	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnej	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnemu	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjne	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjne	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjne	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjne	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjni	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnych	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnych	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnych	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnymi	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnym	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnym	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjnym	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledetekcyjny	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteledetekcyjny	nieteledetekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteledyskowościach	nieteledyskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowościami	nieteledyskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowością	nieteledyskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowości	nieteledyskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowości	nieteledyskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowości	nieteledyskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowości	nieteledyskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowości	nieteledyskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowościom	nieteledyskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowość	nieteledyskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowość	nieteledyskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteledyskowa	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteledyskową	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteledyskową	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteledyskowego	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteledyskowego	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledyskowej	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteledyskowej	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteledyskowej	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteledyskowemu	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledyskowe	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledyskowe	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledyskowe	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteledyskowe	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteledyskowi	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteledyskowych	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteledyskowych	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledyskowych	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledyskowymi	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledyskowym	nieteledyskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteledyskowym	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledyskowym	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteledyskowy	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteledyskowy	nieteledyskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteleelektrycznościach	nieteleelektryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektrycznościami	nieteleelektryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektrycznością	nieteleelektryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczności	nieteleelektryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczności	nieteleelektryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczności	nieteleelektryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczności	nieteleelektryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczności	nieteleelektryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektrycznościom	nieteleelektryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczność	nieteleelektryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczność	nieteleelektryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleelektryczna	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleelektryczną	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleelektryczną	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleelektrycznego	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleelektrycznego	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleelektrycznej	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleelektrycznej	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleelektrycznej	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleelektrycznemu	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleelektryczne	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleelektryczne	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleelektryczne	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleelektryczne	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleelektryczni	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleelektrycznych	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleelektrycznych	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleelektrycznych	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleelektrycznymi	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleelektrycznym	nieteleelektryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleelektrycznym	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleelektrycznym	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleelektryczny	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleelektryczny	nieteleelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteleenergetycznościach	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetycznościami	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetycznością	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczności	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczności	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczności	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczności	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczności	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetycznościom	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczność	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczność	nieteleenergetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleenergetyczna	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleenergetyczną	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleenergetyczną	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleenergetycznego	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleenergetycznego	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleenergetycznej	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleenergetycznej	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleenergetycznej	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleenergetycznemu	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleenergetyczne	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleenergetyczne	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleenergetyczne	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleenergetyczne	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleenergetyczni	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleenergetycznych	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleenergetycznych	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleenergetycznych	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleenergetycznymi	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleenergetycznym	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleenergetycznym	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleenergetycznym	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleenergetyczny	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleenergetyczny	nieteleenergetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelefaksowo	nietelefaksowo	adv:pos		
nietelefaksowościach	nietelefaksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowościami	nietelefaksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowością	nietelefaksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowości	nietelefaksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowości	nietelefaksowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowości	nietelefaksowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowości	nietelefaksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowości	nietelefaksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowościom	nietelefaksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowość	nietelefaksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowość	nietelefaksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefaksowa	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelefaksową	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelefaksową	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelefaksowego	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelefaksowego	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefaksowej	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelefaksowej	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelefaksowej	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelefaksowemu	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefaksowe	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefaksowe	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefaksowe	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelefaksowe	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelefaksowi	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelefaksowych	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelefaksowych	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefaksowych	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefaksowymi	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefaksowym	nietelefaksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefaksowym	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefaksowym	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefaksowy	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelefaksowy	nietelefaksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelefonicznie	nietelefonicznie	adv:pos		
nietelefonicznościach	nietelefoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefonicznościami	nietelefoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefonicznością	nietelefoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczności	nietelefoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczności	nietelefoniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczności	nietelefoniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczności	nietelefoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczności	nietelefoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefonicznościom	nietelefoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczność	nietelefoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczność	nietelefoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefoniczna	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelefoniczną	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelefoniczną	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelefonicznego	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelefonicznego	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefonicznej	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelefonicznej	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelefonicznej	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelefonicznemu	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefoniczne	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefoniczne	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefoniczne	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelefoniczne	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelefoniczni	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelefonicznych	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelefonicznych	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefonicznych	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefonicznymi	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefonicznym	nietelefoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefonicznym	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefonicznym	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefoniczny	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelefoniczny	nietelefoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelefotograficznościach	nietelefotograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficznościami	nietelefotograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficznością	nietelefotograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzności	nietelefotograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzności	nietelefotograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzności	nietelefotograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzności	nietelefotograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzności	nietelefotograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficznościom	nietelefotograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzność	nietelefotograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzność	nietelefotograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelefotograficzna	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelefotograficzną	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelefotograficzną	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelefotograficznego	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelefotograficznego	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefotograficznej	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelefotograficznej	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelefotograficznej	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelefotograficznemu	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefotograficzne	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefotograficzne	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefotograficzne	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelefotograficzne	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelefotograficzni	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelefotograficznych	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelefotograficznych	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefotograficznych	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefotograficznymi	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefotograficznym	nietelefotograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelefotograficznym	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefotograficznym	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelefotograficzny	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelefotograficzny	nietelefotograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelegenicznościach	nietelegeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegenicznościami	nietelegeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegenicznością	nietelegeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczności	nietelegeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczności	nietelegeniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczności	nietelegeniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczności	nietelegeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczności	nietelegeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegenicznościom	nietelegeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczność	nietelegeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczność	nietelegeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegeniczna	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelegeniczną	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelegeniczną	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelegenicznego	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelegenicznego	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegenicznej	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelegenicznej	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelegenicznej	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelegenicznemu	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegeniczne	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegeniczne	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegeniczne	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelegeniczne	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelegeniczni	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelegenicznych	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelegenicznych	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegenicznych	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegenicznymi	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegenicznym	nietelegeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegenicznym	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegenicznym	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegeniczny	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelegeniczny	nietelegeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelegraficznie	nietelegraficznie	adv:pos		
nietelegraficznościach	nietelegraficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficznościami	nietelegraficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficznością	nietelegraficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzności	nietelegraficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzności	nietelegraficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzności	nietelegraficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzności	nietelegraficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzności	nietelegraficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficznościom	nietelegraficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzność	nietelegraficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzność	nietelegraficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelegraficzna	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelegraficzną	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelegraficzną	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelegraficznego	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelegraficznego	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegraficznej	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelegraficznej	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelegraficznej	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelegraficznemu	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegraficzne	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegraficzne	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegraficzne	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelegraficzne	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelegraficzni	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelegraficznych	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelegraficznych	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegraficznych	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegraficznymi	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegraficznym	nietelegraficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelegraficznym	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegraficznym	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelegraficzny	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelegraficzny	nietelegraficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteleinformatycznie	nieteleinformatycznie	adv:pos		
nieteleinformatycznościach	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatycznościami	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatycznością	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczności	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczności	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczności	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczności	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczności	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatycznościom	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczność	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczność	nieteleinformatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleinformatyczna	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleinformatyczną	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleinformatyczną	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleinformatycznego	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleinformatycznego	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleinformatycznej	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleinformatycznej	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleinformatycznej	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleinformatycznemu	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleinformatyczne	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleinformatyczne	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleinformatyczne	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleinformatyczne	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleinformatyczni	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleinformatycznych	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleinformatycznych	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleinformatycznych	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleinformatycznymi	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleinformatycznym	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleinformatycznym	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleinformatycznym	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleinformatyczny	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleinformatyczny	nieteleinformatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelekinetycznościach	nietelekinetyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetycznościami	nietelekinetyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetycznością	nietelekinetyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczności	nietelekinetyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczności	nietelekinetyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczności	nietelekinetyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczności	nietelekinetyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczności	nietelekinetyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetycznościom	nietelekinetyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczność	nietelekinetyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczność	nietelekinetyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinetyczna	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelekinetyczną	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelekinetyczną	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelekinetycznego	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelekinetycznego	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinetycznej	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelekinetycznej	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelekinetycznej	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelekinetycznemu	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinetyczne	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinetyczne	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinetyczne	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelekinetyczne	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelekinetyczni	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelekinetycznych	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelekinetycznych	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinetycznych	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinetycznymi	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinetycznym	nietelekinetyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinetycznym	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinetycznym	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinetyczny	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelekinetyczny	nietelekinetyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelekinowościach	nietelekinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowościami	nietelekinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowością	nietelekinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowości	nietelekinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowości	nietelekinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowości	nietelekinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowości	nietelekinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowości	nietelekinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowościom	nietelekinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowość	nietelekinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowość	nietelekinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekinowa	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelekinową	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelekinową	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelekinowego	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelekinowego	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinowej	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelekinowej	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelekinowej	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelekinowemu	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinowe	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinowe	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinowe	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelekinowe	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelekinowi	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelekinowych	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelekinowych	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinowych	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinowymi	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinowym	nietelekinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekinowym	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinowym	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekinowy	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelekinowy	nietelekinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnościach	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjnościami	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjnością	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjności	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjności	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjności	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjności	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjności	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjnościom	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjność	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjność	nietelekomunikacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekomunikacyjna	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjną	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjną	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnego	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnego	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnej	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnej	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnej	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnemu	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjne	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjne	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjne	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjne	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjni	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnych	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnych	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnych	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnymi	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnym	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnym	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjnym	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjny	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelekomunikacyjny	nietelekomunikacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnościach	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjnościami	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjnością	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjności	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjności	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjności	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjności	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjności	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjnościom	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjność	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjność	nietelekonferencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekonferencyjna	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelekonferencyjną	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelekonferencyjną	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnego	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnego	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnej	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnej	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnej	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnemu	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjne	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjne	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjne	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjne	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjni	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnych	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnych	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnych	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnymi	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnym	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnym	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjnym	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekonferencyjny	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelekonferencyjny	nietelekonferencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelekopiowościach	nietelekopiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowościami	nietelekopiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowością	nietelekopiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowości	nietelekopiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowości	nietelekopiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowości	nietelekopiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowości	nietelekopiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowości	nietelekopiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowościom	nietelekopiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowość	nietelekopiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowość	nietelekopiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelekopiowa	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelekopiową	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelekopiową	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelekopiowego	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelekopiowego	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekopiowej	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelekopiowej	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelekopiowej	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelekopiowemu	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekopiowe	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekopiowe	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekopiowe	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelekopiowe	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelekopiowi	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelekopiowych	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelekopiowych	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekopiowych	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekopiowymi	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekopiowym	nietelekopiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelekopiowym	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekopiowym	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelekopiowy	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelekopiowy	nietelekopiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteleksowościach	nieteleksowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowościami	nieteleksowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowością	nieteleksowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowości	nieteleksowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowości	nieteleksowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowości	nieteleksowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowości	nieteleksowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowości	nieteleksowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowościom	nieteleksowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowość	nieteleksowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowość	nieteleksowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleksowa	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleksową	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleksową	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleksowego	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleksowego	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleksowej	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleksowej	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleksowej	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleksowemu	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleksowe	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleksowe	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleksowe	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleksowe	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleksowi	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleksowych	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleksowych	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleksowych	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleksowymi	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleksowym	nieteleksowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleksowym	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleksowym	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleksowy	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleksowy	nieteleksowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelemarketingowościach	nietelemarketingowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowościami	nietelemarketingowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowością	nietelemarketingowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowości	nietelemarketingowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowości	nietelemarketingowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowości	nietelemarketingowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowości	nietelemarketingowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowości	nietelemarketingowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowościom	nietelemarketingowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowość	nietelemarketingowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowość	nietelemarketingowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemarketingowa	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelemarketingową	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelemarketingową	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelemarketingowego	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelemarketingowego	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowej	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelemarketingowej	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelemarketingowej	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelemarketingowemu	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowe	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowe	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowe	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelemarketingowe	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelemarketingowi	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelemarketingowych	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelemarketingowych	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowych	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowymi	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowym	nietelemarketingowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowym	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowym	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemarketingowy	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelemarketingowy	nietelemarketingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelemetrycznościach	nietelemetryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetrycznościami	nietelemetryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetrycznością	nietelemetryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczności	nietelemetryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczności	nietelemetryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczności	nietelemetryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczności	nietelemetryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczności	nietelemetryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetrycznościom	nietelemetryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczność	nietelemetryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczność	nietelemetryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelemetryczna	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelemetryczną	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelemetryczną	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelemetrycznego	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelemetrycznego	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemetrycznej	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelemetrycznej	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelemetrycznej	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelemetrycznemu	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemetryczne	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemetryczne	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemetryczne	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelemetryczne	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelemetryczni	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelemetrycznych	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelemetrycznych	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemetrycznych	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemetrycznymi	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemetrycznym	nietelemetryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelemetrycznym	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemetrycznym	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelemetryczny	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelemetryczny	nietelemetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteleologicznie	nieteleologicznie	adv:pos		
nieteleologicznościach	nieteleologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologicznościami	nieteleologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologicznością	nieteleologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczności	nieteleologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczności	nieteleologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczności	nieteleologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczności	nieteleologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczności	nieteleologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologicznościom	nieteleologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczność	nieteleologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczność	nieteleologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleologiczna	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleologiczną	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleologiczną	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleologicznego	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleologicznego	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleologicznej	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleologicznej	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleologicznej	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleologicznemu	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleologiczne	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleologiczne	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleologiczne	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleologiczne	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleologiczni	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleologicznych	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleologicznych	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleologicznych	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleologicznymi	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleologicznym	nieteleologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleologicznym	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleologicznym	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleologiczny	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleologiczny	nieteleologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelepatycznie	nietelepatycznie	adv:pos		
nietelepatycznościach	nietelepatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatycznościami	nietelepatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatycznością	nietelepatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczności	nietelepatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczności	nietelepatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczności	nietelepatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczności	nietelepatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczności	nietelepatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatycznościom	nietelepatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczność	nietelepatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczność	nietelepatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelepatyczna	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelepatyczną	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelepatyczną	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelepatycznego	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelepatycznego	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelepatycznej	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelepatycznej	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelepatycznej	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelepatycznemu	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelepatyczne	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelepatyczne	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelepatyczne	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelepatyczne	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelepatyczni	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelepatycznych	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelepatycznych	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelepatycznych	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelepatycznymi	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelepatycznym	nietelepatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelepatycznym	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelepatycznym	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelepatyczny	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelepatyczny	nietelepatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznie	nieteleradiotechnicznie	adv:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznościach	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechnicznościami	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechnicznością	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczności	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczności	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczności	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczności	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczności	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechnicznościom	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczność	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczność	nieteleradiotechniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleradiotechniczna	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczną	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczną	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznego	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznego	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznej	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznej	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznej	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznemu	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczne	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczne	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczne	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczne	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczni	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznych	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznych	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznych	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznymi	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznym	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznym	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechnicznym	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczny	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleradiotechniczny	nieteleradiotechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteleskopowo	nieteleskopowo	adv:pos		
nieteleskopowościach	nieteleskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowościami	nieteleskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowością	nieteleskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowości	nieteleskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowości	nieteleskopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowości	nieteleskopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowości	nieteleskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowości	nieteleskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowościom	nieteleskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowość	nieteleskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowość	nieteleskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteleskopowa	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteleskopową	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteleskopową	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteleskopowego	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteleskopowego	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleskopowej	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteleskopowej	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteleskopowej	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteleskopowemu	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleskopowe	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleskopowe	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleskopowe	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteleskopowe	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteleskopowi	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteleskopowych	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteleskopowych	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleskopowych	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleskopowymi	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleskopowym	nieteleskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteleskopowym	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleskopowym	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteleskopowy	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteleskopowy	nieteleskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteletechnicznościach	nieteletechniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechnicznościami	nieteletechniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechnicznością	nieteletechniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczności	nieteletechniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczności	nieteletechniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczności	nieteletechniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczności	nieteletechniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczności	nieteletechniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechnicznościom	nieteletechniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczność	nieteletechniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczność	nieteletechniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletechniczna	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteletechniczną	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteletechniczną	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteletechnicznego	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteletechnicznego	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletechnicznej	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteletechnicznej	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteletechnicznej	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteletechnicznemu	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletechniczne	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletechniczne	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletechniczne	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteletechniczne	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteletechniczni	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteletechnicznych	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteletechnicznych	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletechnicznych	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletechnicznymi	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletechnicznym	nieteletechniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletechnicznym	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletechnicznym	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletechniczny	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteletechniczny	nieteletechniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteletekstowościach	nieteletekstowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowościami	nieteletekstowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowością	nieteletekstowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowości	nieteletekstowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowości	nieteletekstowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowości	nieteletekstowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowości	nieteletekstowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowości	nieteletekstowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowościom	nieteletekstowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowość	nieteletekstowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowość	nieteletekstowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletekstowa	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteletekstową	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteletekstową	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteletekstowego	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteletekstowego	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletekstowej	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteletekstowej	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteletekstowej	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteletekstowemu	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletekstowe	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletekstowe	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletekstowe	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteletekstowe	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteletekstowi	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteletekstowych	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteletekstowych	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletekstowych	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletekstowymi	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletekstowym	nieteletekstowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletekstowym	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletekstowym	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletekstowy	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteletekstowy	nieteletekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnościach	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjnościami	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjnością	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjności	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjności	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjności	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjności	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjności	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjnościom	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjność	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjność	nieteletransmisyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteletransmisyjna	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteletransmisyjną	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteletransmisyjną	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnego	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnego	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnej	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnej	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnej	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnemu	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjne	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjne	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjne	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjne	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjni	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnych	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnych	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnych	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnymi	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnym	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnym	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjnym	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteletransmisyjny	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteletransmisyjny	nieteletransmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelewizorowościach	nietelewizorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowościami	nietelewizorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowością	nietelewizorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowości	nietelewizorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowości	nietelewizorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowości	nietelewizorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowości	nietelewizorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowości	nietelewizorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowościom	nietelewizorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowość	nietelewizorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowość	nietelewizorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizorowa	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelewizorową	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelewizorową	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelewizorowego	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelewizorowego	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizorowej	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelewizorowej	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelewizorowej	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelewizorowemu	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizorowe	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizorowe	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizorowe	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelewizorowe	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelewizorowi	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelewizorowych	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelewizorowych	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizorowych	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizorowymi	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizorowym	nietelewizorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizorowym	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizorowym	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizorowy	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelewizorowy	nietelewizorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietelewizyjnie	nietelewizyjnie	adv:pos		
nietelewizyjnościach	nietelewizyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjnościami	nietelewizyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjnością	nietelewizyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjności	nietelewizyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjności	nietelewizyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjności	nietelewizyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjności	nietelewizyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjności	nietelewizyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjnościom	nietelewizyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjność	nietelewizyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjność	nietelewizyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelewizyjna	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelewizyjną	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelewizyjną	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietelewizyjnego	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietelewizyjnego	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizyjnej	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietelewizyjnej	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietelewizyjnej	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietelewizyjnemu	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizyjne	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizyjne	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizyjne	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelewizyjne	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelewizyjni	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietelewizyjnych	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietelewizyjnych	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizyjnych	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizyjnymi	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizyjnym	nietelewizyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelewizyjnym	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizyjnym	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelewizyjny	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelewizyjny	nietelewizyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietellurycznościach	nietelluryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietellurycznościami	nietelluryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietellurycznością	nietelluryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczności	nietelluryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczności	nietelluryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczności	nietelluryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczności	nietelluryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczności	nietelluryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietellurycznościom	nietelluryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczność	nietelluryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczność	nietelluryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietelluryczna	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietelluryczną	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietelluryczną	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietellurycznego	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietellurycznego	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietellurycznej	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietellurycznej	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietellurycznej	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietellurycznemu	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelluryczne	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelluryczne	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietelluryczne	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietelluryczne	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietelluryczni	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietellurycznych	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietellurycznych	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietellurycznych	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietellurycznymi	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietellurycznym	nietelluryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietellurycznym	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietellurycznym	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietelluryczny	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietelluryczny	nietelluryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietematowo	nietematowo	adv:pos		
nietematowościach	nietematowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowościami	nietematowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowością	nietematowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowości	nietematowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowości	nietematowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowości	nietematowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowości	nietematowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowości	nietematowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowościom	nietematowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowość	nietematowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowość	nietematowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematowa	nietematowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietematową	nietematowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietematową	nietematowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietematowego	nietematowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietematowego	nietematowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematowej	nietematowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietematowej	nietematowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietematowej	nietematowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietematowemu	nietematowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematowe	nietematowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematowe	nietematowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematowe	nietematowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietematowe	nietematowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietematowi	nietematowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietematowych	nietematowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietematowych	nietematowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematowych	nietematowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematowymi	nietematowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematowym	nietematowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematowym	nietematowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematowym	nietematowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematowy	nietematowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietematowy	nietematowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietematycznie	nietematycznie	adv:pos		
nietematycznościach	nietematyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematycznościami	nietematyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematycznością	nietematyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczności	nietematyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczności	nietematyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczności	nietematyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczności	nietematyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczności	nietematyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematycznościom	nietematyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczność	nietematyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczność	nietematyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietematyczna	nietematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietematyczną	nietematyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietematyczną	nietematyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietematycznego	nietematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietematycznego	nietematyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematycznej	nietematyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietematycznej	nietematyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietematycznej	nietematyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietematycznemu	nietematyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematyczne	nietematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematyczne	nietematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematyczne	nietematyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietematyczne	nietematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietematyczni	nietematyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietematycznych	nietematyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietematycznych	nietematyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematycznych	nietematyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematycznymi	nietematyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematycznym	nietematyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietematycznym	nietematyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematycznym	nietematyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietematyczny	nietematyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietematyczny	nietematyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietemperamentnościach	nietemperamentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentnościami	nietemperamentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentnością	nietemperamentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentności	nietemperamentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentności	nietemperamentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentności	nietemperamentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentności	nietemperamentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentności	nietemperamentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentnościom	nietemperamentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentność	nietemperamentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentność	nietemperamentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentna	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietemperamentną	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietemperamentną	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietemperamentnego	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietemperamentnego	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentnej	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietemperamentnej	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietemperamentnej	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietemperamentnemu	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentne	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentne	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentne	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietemperamentne	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietemperamentni	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietemperamentnych	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietemperamentnych	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentnych	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentnymi	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentnym	nietemperamentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentnym	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentnym	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentny	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietemperamentny	nietemperamentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietemperamentowościach	nietemperamentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowościami	nietemperamentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowością	nietemperamentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowości	nietemperamentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowości	nietemperamentowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowości	nietemperamentowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowości	nietemperamentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowości	nietemperamentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowościom	nietemperamentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowość	nietemperamentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowość	nietemperamentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperamentowa	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietemperamentową	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietemperamentową	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietemperamentowego	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietemperamentowego	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentowej	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietemperamentowej	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietemperamentowej	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietemperamentowemu	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentowe	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentowe	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentowe	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietemperamentowe	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietemperamentowi	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietemperamentowych	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietemperamentowych	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentowych	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentowymi	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentowym	nietemperamentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperamentowym	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentowym	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperamentowy	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietemperamentowy	nietemperamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietemperaturowościach	nietemperaturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowościami	nietemperaturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowością	nietemperaturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowości	nietemperaturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowości	nietemperaturowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowości	nietemperaturowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowości	nietemperaturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowości	nietemperaturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowościom	nietemperaturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowość	nietemperaturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowość	nietemperaturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperaturowa	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietemperaturową	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietemperaturową	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietemperaturowego	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietemperaturowego	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperaturowej	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietemperaturowej	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietemperaturowej	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietemperaturowemu	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperaturowe	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperaturowe	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperaturowe	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietemperaturowe	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietemperaturowi	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietemperaturowych	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietemperaturowych	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperaturowych	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperaturowymi	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperaturowym	nietemperaturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperaturowym	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperaturowym	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperaturowy	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietemperaturowy	nietemperaturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietemperowościach	nietemperowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowościami	nietemperowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowością	nietemperowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowości	nietemperowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowości	nietemperowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowości	nietemperowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowości	nietemperowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowości	nietemperowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowościom	nietemperowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowość	nietemperowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowość	nietemperowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemperowa	nietemperowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietemperową	nietemperowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietemperową	nietemperowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietemperowego	nietemperowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietemperowego	nietemperowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperowej	nietemperowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietemperowej	nietemperowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietemperowej	nietemperowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietemperowemu	nietemperowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperowe	nietemperowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperowe	nietemperowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperowe	nietemperowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietemperowe	nietemperowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietemperowi	nietemperowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietemperowych	nietemperowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietemperowych	nietemperowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperowych	nietemperowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperowymi	nietemperowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperowym	nietemperowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemperowym	nietemperowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperowym	nietemperowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemperowy	nietemperowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietemperowy	nietemperowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietemplowościach	nietemplowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowościami	nietemplowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowością	nietemplowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowości	nietemplowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowości	nietemplowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowości	nietemplowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowości	nietemplowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowości	nietemplowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowościom	nietemplowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowość	nietemplowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowość	nietemplowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemplowa	nietemplowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietemplową	nietemplowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietemplową	nietemplowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietemplowego	nietemplowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietemplowego	nietemplowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemplowej	nietemplowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietemplowej	nietemplowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietemplowej	nietemplowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietemplowemu	nietemplowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemplowe	nietemplowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemplowe	nietemplowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemplowe	nietemplowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietemplowe	nietemplowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietemplowi	nietemplowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietemplowych	nietemplowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietemplowych	nietemplowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemplowych	nietemplowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemplowymi	nietemplowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemplowym	nietemplowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemplowym	nietemplowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemplowym	nietemplowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemplowy	nietemplowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietemplowy	nietemplowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietemporalnościach	nietemporalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalnościami	nietemporalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalnością	nietemporalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalności	nietemporalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalności	nietemporalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalności	nietemporalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalności	nietemporalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalności	nietemporalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalnościom	nietemporalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalność	nietemporalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalność	nietemporalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietemporalna	nietemporalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietemporalną	nietemporalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietemporalną	nietemporalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietemporalnego	nietemporalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietemporalnego	nietemporalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemporalnej	nietemporalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietemporalnej	nietemporalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietemporalnej	nietemporalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietemporalnemu	nietemporalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemporalne	nietemporalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemporalne	nietemporalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemporalne	nietemporalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietemporalne	nietemporalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietemporalni	nietemporalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietemporalnych	nietemporalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietemporalnych	nietemporalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemporalnych	nietemporalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemporalnymi	nietemporalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemporalnym	nietemporalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietemporalnym	nietemporalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemporalnym	nietemporalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietemporalny	nietemporalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietemporalny	nietemporalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietempowościach	nietempowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowościami	nietempowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowością	nietempowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowości	nietempowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowości	nietempowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowości	nietempowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowości	nietempowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowości	nietempowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowościom	nietempowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowość	nietempowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowość	nietempowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietempowa	nietempowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietempową	nietempowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietempową	nietempowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietempowego	nietempowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietempowego	nietempowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietempowej	nietempowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietempowej	nietempowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietempowej	nietempowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietempowemu	nietempowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietempowe	nietempowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietempowe	nietempowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietempowe	nietempowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietempowe	nietempowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietempowi	nietempowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietempowych	nietempowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietempowych	nietempowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietempowych	nietempowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietempowymi	nietempowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietempowym	nietempowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietempowym	nietempowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietempowym	nietempowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietempowy	nietempowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietempowy	nietempowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietendencyjnie	nietendencyjnie	adv:pos		
nietendencyjnościach	nietendencyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjnościami	nietendencyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjnością	nietendencyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjności	nietendencyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjności	nietendencyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjności	nietendencyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjności	nietendencyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjności	nietendencyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjnościom	nietendencyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjność	nietendencyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjność	nietendencyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendencyjna	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietendencyjną	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietendencyjną	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietendencyjnego	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietendencyjnego	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendencyjnej	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietendencyjnej	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietendencyjnej	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietendencyjnemu	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendencyjne	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendencyjne	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendencyjne	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietendencyjne	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietendencyjni	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietendencyjnych	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietendencyjnych	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendencyjnych	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendencyjnymi	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendencyjnym	nietendencyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendencyjnym	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendencyjnym	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendencyjny	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietendencyjny	nietendencyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietendrowościach	nietendrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowościami	nietendrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowością	nietendrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowości	nietendrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowości	nietendrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowości	nietendrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowości	nietendrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowości	nietendrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowościom	nietendrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowość	nietendrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowość	nietendrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietendrowa	nietendrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietendrową	nietendrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietendrową	nietendrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietendrowego	nietendrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietendrowego	nietendrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendrowej	nietendrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietendrowej	nietendrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietendrowej	nietendrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietendrowemu	nietendrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendrowe	nietendrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendrowe	nietendrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendrowe	nietendrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietendrowe	nietendrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietendrowi	nietendrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietendrowych	nietendrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietendrowych	nietendrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendrowych	nietendrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendrowymi	nietendrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendrowym	nietendrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietendrowym	nietendrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendrowym	nietendrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietendrowy	nietendrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietendrowy	nietendrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietenisowościach	nietenisowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowościami	nietenisowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowością	nietenisowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowości	nietenisowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowości	nietenisowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowości	nietenisowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowości	nietenisowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowości	nietenisowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowościom	nietenisowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowość	nietenisowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowość	nietenisowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenisowa	nietenisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietenisową	nietenisowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietenisową	nietenisowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietenisowego	nietenisowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietenisowego	nietenisowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenisowej	nietenisowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietenisowej	nietenisowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietenisowej	nietenisowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietenisowemu	nietenisowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenisowe	nietenisowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenisowe	nietenisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenisowe	nietenisowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietenisowe	nietenisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietenisowi	nietenisowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietenisowych	nietenisowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietenisowych	nietenisowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenisowych	nietenisowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenisowymi	nietenisowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenisowym	nietenisowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenisowym	nietenisowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenisowym	nietenisowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenisowy	nietenisowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietenisowy	nietenisowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietenorowościach	nietenorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowościami	nietenorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowością	nietenorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowości	nietenorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowości	nietenorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowości	nietenorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowości	nietenorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowości	nietenorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowościom	nietenorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowość	nietenorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowość	nietenorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietenorowa	nietenorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietenorową	nietenorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietenorową	nietenorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietenorowego	nietenorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietenorowego	nietenorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenorowej	nietenorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietenorowej	nietenorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietenorowej	nietenorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietenorowemu	nietenorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenorowe	nietenorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenorowe	nietenorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenorowe	nietenorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietenorowe	nietenorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietenorowi	nietenorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietenorowych	nietenorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietenorowych	nietenorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenorowych	nietenorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenorowymi	nietenorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenorowym	nietenorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietenorowym	nietenorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenorowym	nietenorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietenorowy	nietenorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietenorowy	nietenorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietensorowościach	nietensorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowościami	nietensorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowością	nietensorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowości	nietensorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowości	nietensorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowości	nietensorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowości	nietensorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowości	nietensorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowościom	nietensorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowość	nietensorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowość	nietensorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietensorowa	nietensorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietensorową	nietensorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietensorową	nietensorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietensorowego	nietensorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietensorowego	nietensorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietensorowej	nietensorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietensorowej	nietensorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietensorowej	nietensorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietensorowemu	nietensorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietensorowe	nietensorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietensorowe	nietensorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietensorowe	nietensorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietensorowe	nietensorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietensorowi	nietensorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietensorowych	nietensorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietensorowych	nietensorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietensorowych	nietensorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietensorowymi	nietensorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietensorowym	nietensorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietensorowym	nietensorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietensorowym	nietensorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietensorowy	nietensorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietensorowy	nietensorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteocentrycznie	nieteocentrycznie	adv:pos		
nieteocentrycznościach	nieteocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentrycznościami	nieteocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentrycznością	nieteocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczności	nieteocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczności	nieteocentryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczności	nieteocentryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczności	nieteocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczności	nieteocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentrycznościom	nieteocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczność	nieteocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczność	nieteocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteocentryczna	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteocentryczną	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteocentryczną	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteocentrycznego	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteocentrycznego	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteocentrycznej	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteocentrycznej	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteocentrycznej	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteocentrycznemu	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteocentryczne	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteocentryczne	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteocentryczne	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteocentryczne	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteocentryczni	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteocentrycznych	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteocentrycznych	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteocentrycznych	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteocentrycznymi	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteocentrycznym	nieteocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteocentrycznym	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteocentrycznym	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteocentryczny	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteocentryczny	nieteocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteokratycznościach	nieteokratyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratycznościami	nieteokratyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratycznością	nieteokratyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczności	nieteokratyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczności	nieteokratyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczności	nieteokratyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczności	nieteokratyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczności	nieteokratyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratycznościom	nieteokratyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczność	nieteokratyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczność	nieteokratyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteokratyczna	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteokratyczną	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteokratyczną	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteokratycznego	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteokratycznego	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteokratycznej	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteokratycznej	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteokratycznej	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteokratycznemu	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteokratyczne	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteokratyczne	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteokratyczne	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteokratyczne	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteokratyczni	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteokratycznych	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteokratycznych	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteokratycznych	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteokratycznymi	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteokratycznym	nieteokratyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteokratycznym	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteokratycznym	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteokratyczny	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteokratyczny	nieteokratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteologicznie	nieteologicznie	adv:pos		
nieteologicznościach	nieteologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologicznościami	nieteologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologicznością	nieteologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczności	nieteologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczności	nieteologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczności	nieteologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczności	nieteologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczności	nieteologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologicznościom	nieteologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczność	nieteologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczność	nieteologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteologiczna	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteologiczną	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteologiczną	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteologicznego	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteologicznego	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteologicznej	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteologicznej	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteologicznej	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteologicznemu	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteologiczne	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteologiczne	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteologiczne	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteologiczne	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteologiczni	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteologicznych	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteologicznych	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteologicznych	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteologicznymi	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteologicznym	nieteologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteologicznym	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteologicznym	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteologiczny	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteologiczny	nieteologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteoretycznie	nieteoretycznie	adv:pos		
nieteoretycznoliteraccy	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteoretycznoliteracka	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteoretycznoliteracką	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteoretycznoliteracką	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackich	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackich	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackich	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackiego	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackiego	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackiej	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackiej	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackiej	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackiemu	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackie	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackie	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackie	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackie	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackimi	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackim	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackim	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackim	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznoliteracki	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteoretycznoliteracki	nieteoretycznoliteracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteoretycznoliteracko	nieteoretycznoliteracko	adv:pos		
nieteoretycznoliterackościach	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackościami	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackością	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackości	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackości	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackości	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackości	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackości	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackościom	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackość	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznoliterackość	nieteoretycznoliterackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowościach	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowościami	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowością	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowości	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowości	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowości	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowości	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowości	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowościom	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowość	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowość	nieteoretycznonaukowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznonaukowa	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukową	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukową	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowego	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowego	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowej	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowej	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowej	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowemu	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowe	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowe	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowe	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowe	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowi	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowych	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowych	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowych	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowymi	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowym	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowym	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowym	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowy	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteoretycznonaukowy	nieteoretycznonaukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteoretycznościach	nieteoretyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznościami	nieteoretyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznością	nieteoretyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczności	nieteoretyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczności	nieteoretyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczności	nieteoretyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczności	nieteoretyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczności	nieteoretyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretycznościom	nieteoretyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczność	nieteoretyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczność	nieteoretyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoretyczna	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteoretyczną	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteoretyczną	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteoretycznego	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteoretycznego	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznej	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteoretycznej	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteoretycznej	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteoretycznemu	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretyczne	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretyczne	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretyczne	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteoretyczne	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteoretyczni	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteoretycznych	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteoretycznych	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznych	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznymi	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznym	nieteoretyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoretycznym	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretycznym	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoretyczny	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteoretyczny	nieteoretyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnie	nieteorioinformacyjnie	adv:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnościach	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjnościami	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjnością	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjności	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjności	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjności	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjności	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjności	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjnościom	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjność	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjność	nieteorioinformacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioinformacyjna	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjną	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjną	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnego	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnego	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnej	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnej	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnej	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnemu	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjne	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjne	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjne	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjne	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjni	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnych	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnych	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnych	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnymi	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnym	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnym	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjnym	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjny	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteorioinformacyjny	nieteorioinformacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteorioliczbowościach	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowościami	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowością	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowości	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowości	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowości	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowości	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowości	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowościom	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowość	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowość	nieteorioliczbowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteorioliczbowa	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteorioliczbową	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteorioliczbową	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteorioliczbowego	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteorioliczbowego	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowej	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteorioliczbowej	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteorioliczbowej	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteorioliczbowemu	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowe	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowe	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowe	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowe	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowi	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteorioliczbowych	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteorioliczbowych	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowych	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowymi	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowym	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowym	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowym	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteorioliczbowy	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteorioliczbowy	nieteorioliczbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowo	nieteoriomnogościowo	adv:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowościach	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowościami	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowością	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowości	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowości	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowości	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowości	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowości	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowościom	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowość	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowość	nieteoriomnogościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomnogościowa	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteoriomnogościową	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteoriomnogościową	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowego	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowego	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowej	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowej	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowej	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowemu	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowe	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowe	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowe	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowe	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowi	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowych	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowych	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowych	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowymi	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowym	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowym	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowym	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowy	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteoriomnogościowy	nieteoriomnogościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteoriomodelowościach	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowościami	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowością	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowości	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowości	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowości	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowości	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowości	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowościom	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowość	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowość	nieteoriomodelowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriomodelowa	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteoriomodelową	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteoriomodelową	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteoriomodelowego	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteoriomodelowego	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowej	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteoriomodelowej	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteoriomodelowej	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteoriomodelowemu	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowe	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowe	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowe	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowe	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowi	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteoriomodelowych	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteoriomodelowych	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowych	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowymi	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowym	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowym	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowym	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriomodelowy	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteoriomodelowy	nieteoriomodelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczo	nieteoriopoznawczo	adv:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczościach	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczościami	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczością	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczości	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczości	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczości	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczości	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczości	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczościom	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczość	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawczość	nieteoriopoznawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteoriopoznawcza	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczą	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczą	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczego	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczego	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczej	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczej	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczej	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczemu	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawcze	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawcze	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawcze	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawcze	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczych	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczych	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczych	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczymi	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczym	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczym	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczym	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczy	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczy	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteoriopoznawczy	nieteoriopoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteowościach	nieteowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowościami	nieteowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowością	nieteowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowości	nieteowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowości	nieteowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowości	nieteowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowości	nieteowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowości	nieteowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowościom	nieteowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowość	nieteowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowość	nieteowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteowa	nieteowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteową	nieteowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteową	nieteowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteowego	nieteowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteowego	nieteowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteowej	nieteowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteowej	nieteowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteowej	nieteowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteowemu	nieteowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteowe	nieteowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteowe	nieteowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteowe	nieteowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteowe	nieteowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteowi	nieteowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteowych	nieteowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteowych	nieteowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteowych	nieteowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteowymi	nieteowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteowym	nieteowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteowym	nieteowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteowym	nieteowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteowy	nieteowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteowy	nieteowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteozoficznościach	nieteozoficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficznościami	nieteozoficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficznością	nieteozoficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzności	nieteozoficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzności	nieteozoficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzności	nieteozoficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzności	nieteozoficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzności	nieteozoficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficznościom	nieteozoficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzność	nieteozoficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzność	nieteozoficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteozoficzna	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteozoficzną	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteozoficzną	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteozoficznego	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteozoficznego	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteozoficznej	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteozoficznej	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteozoficznej	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteozoficznemu	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteozoficzne	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteozoficzne	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteozoficzne	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteozoficzne	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteozoficzni	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteozoficznych	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteozoficznych	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteozoficznych	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteozoficznymi	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteozoficznym	nieteozoficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteozoficznym	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteozoficznym	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteozoficzny	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteozoficzny	nieteozoficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietepedowscy	nietepedowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietepedowska	nietepedowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietepedowską	nietepedowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietepedowską	nietepedowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietepedowskich	nietepedowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietepedowskich	nietepedowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietepedowskich	nietepedowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietepedowskiego	nietepedowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietepedowskiego	nietepedowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietepedowskiej	nietepedowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietepedowskiej	nietepedowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietepedowskiej	nietepedowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietepedowskiemu	nietepedowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietepedowskie	nietepedowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietepedowskie	nietepedowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietepedowskie	nietepedowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietepedowskie	nietepedowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietepedowskimi	nietepedowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietepedowskim	nietepedowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietepedowskim	nietepedowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietepedowskim	nietepedowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietepedowski	nietepedowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietepedowski	nietepedowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietepedowsko	nietepedowsko	adv:pos		
nietepedowskościach	nietepedowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskościami	nietepedowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskością	nietepedowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskości	nietepedowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskości	nietepedowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskości	nietepedowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskości	nietepedowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskości	nietepedowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskościom	nietepedowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskość	nietepedowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietepedowskość	nietepedowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowościach	nieterakotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowościami	nieterakotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowością	nieterakotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowości	nieterakotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowości	nieterakotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowości	nieterakotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowości	nieterakotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowości	nieterakotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowościom	nieterakotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowość	nieterakotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowość	nieterakotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterakotowa	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterakotową	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterakotową	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterakotowego	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterakotowego	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterakotowej	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterakotowej	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterakotowej	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterakotowemu	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterakotowe	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterakotowe	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterakotowe	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterakotowe	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterakotowi	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterakotowych	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterakotowych	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterakotowych	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterakotowymi	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterakotowym	nieterakotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterakotowym	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterakotowym	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterakotowy	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterakotowy	nieterakotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterapeutycznie	nieterapeutycznie	adv:pos		
nieterapeutycznościach	nieterapeutyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutycznościami	nieterapeutyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutycznością	nieterapeutyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczności	nieterapeutyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczności	nieterapeutyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczności	nieterapeutyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczności	nieterapeutyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczności	nieterapeutyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutycznościom	nieterapeutyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczność	nieterapeutyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczność	nieterapeutyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterapeutyczna	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterapeutyczną	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterapeutyczną	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterapeutycznego	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterapeutycznego	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterapeutycznej	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterapeutycznej	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterapeutycznej	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterapeutycznemu	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterapeutyczne	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterapeutyczne	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterapeutyczne	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterapeutyczne	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterapeutyczni	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterapeutycznych	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterapeutycznych	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterapeutycznych	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterapeutycznymi	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterapeutycznym	nieterapeutyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterapeutycznym	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterapeutycznym	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterapeutyczny	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterapeutyczny	nieterapeutyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteratogennościach	nieteratogenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogennościami	nieteratogenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogennością	nieteratogenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenności	nieteratogenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenności	nieteratogenność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenności	nieteratogenność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenności	nieteratogenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenności	nieteratogenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogennościom	nieteratogenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenność	nieteratogenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenność	nieteratogenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratogenna	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteratogenną	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteratogenną	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteratogennego	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteratogennego	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratogennej	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteratogennej	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteratogennej	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteratogennemu	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratogenne	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratogenne	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratogenne	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteratogenne	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteratogenni	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteratogennych	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteratogennych	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratogennych	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratogennymi	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratogennym	nieteratogenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratogennym	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratogennym	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratogenny	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteratogenny	nieteratogenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteratologicznościach	nieteratologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologicznościami	nieteratologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologicznością	nieteratologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczności	nieteratologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczności	nieteratologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczności	nieteratologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczności	nieteratologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczności	nieteratologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologicznościom	nieteratologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczność	nieteratologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczność	nieteratologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteratologiczna	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteratologiczną	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteratologiczną	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteratologicznego	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteratologicznego	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratologicznej	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteratologicznej	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteratologicznej	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteratologicznemu	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratologiczne	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratologiczne	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratologiczne	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteratologiczne	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteratologiczni	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteratologicznych	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteratologicznych	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratologicznych	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratologicznymi	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratologicznym	nieteratologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteratologicznym	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratologicznym	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteratologiczny	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteratologiczny	nieteratologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteraźniejszościach	nieteraźniejszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszościami	nieteraźniejszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszością	nieteraźniejszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszości	nieteraźniejszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszości	nieteraźniejszość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszości	nieteraźniejszość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszości	nieteraźniejszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszości	nieteraźniejszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszościom	nieteraźniejszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszość	nieteraźniejszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejszość	nieteraźniejszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteraźniejsi	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteraźniejsza	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteraźniejszą	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteraźniejszą	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteraźniejszego	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteraźniejszego	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteraźniejszej	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteraźniejszej	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteraźniejszej	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteraźniejszemu	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteraźniejsze	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteraźniejsze	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteraźniejsze	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteraźniejsze	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteraźniejszych	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteraźniejszych	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteraźniejszych	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteraźniejszymi	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteraźniejszym	nieteraźniejszy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteraźniejszym	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteraźniejszym	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteraźniejszy	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteraźniejszy	nieteraźniejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietercjalnościach	nietercjalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalnościami	nietercjalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalnością	nietercjalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalności	nietercjalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalności	nietercjalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalności	nietercjalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalności	nietercjalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalności	nietercjalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalnościom	nietercjalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalność	nietercjalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalność	nietercjalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjalna	nietercjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietercjalną	nietercjalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietercjalną	nietercjalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietercjalnego	nietercjalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietercjalnego	nietercjalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjalnej	nietercjalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietercjalnej	nietercjalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietercjalnej	nietercjalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietercjalnemu	nietercjalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjalne	nietercjalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjalne	nietercjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjalne	nietercjalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietercjalne	nietercjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietercjalni	nietercjalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietercjalnych	nietercjalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietercjalnych	nietercjalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjalnych	nietercjalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjalnymi	nietercjalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjalnym	nietercjalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjalnym	nietercjalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjalnym	nietercjalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjalny	nietercjalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietercjalny	nietercjalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietercjarscy	nietercjarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietercjarska	nietercjarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietercjarską	nietercjarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietercjarską	nietercjarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietercjarskich	nietercjarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietercjarskich	nietercjarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjarskich	nietercjarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjarskiego	nietercjarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietercjarskiego	nietercjarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjarskiej	nietercjarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietercjarskiej	nietercjarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietercjarskiej	nietercjarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietercjarskiemu	nietercjarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjarskie	nietercjarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjarskie	nietercjarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjarskie	nietercjarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietercjarskie	nietercjarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietercjarskimi	nietercjarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjarskim	nietercjarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjarskim	nietercjarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjarskim	nietercjarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjarski	nietercjarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietercjarski	nietercjarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietercjarsko	nietercjarsko	adv:pos		
nietercjarskościach	nietercjarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskościami	nietercjarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskością	nietercjarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskości	nietercjarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskości	nietercjarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskości	nietercjarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskości	nietercjarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskości	nietercjarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskościom	nietercjarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskość	nietercjarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjarskość	nietercjarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowościach	nietercjowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowościami	nietercjowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowością	nietercjowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowości	nietercjowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowości	nietercjowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowości	nietercjowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowości	nietercjowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowości	nietercjowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowościom	nietercjowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowość	nietercjowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowość	nietercjowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercjowa	nietercjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietercjową	nietercjowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietercjową	nietercjowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietercjowego	nietercjowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietercjowego	nietercjowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjowej	nietercjowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietercjowej	nietercjowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietercjowej	nietercjowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietercjowemu	nietercjowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjowe	nietercjowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjowe	nietercjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjowe	nietercjowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietercjowe	nietercjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietercjowi	nietercjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietercjowych	nietercjowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietercjowych	nietercjowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjowych	nietercjowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjowymi	nietercjowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjowym	nietercjowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercjowym	nietercjowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjowym	nietercjowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercjowy	nietercjowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietercjowy	nietercjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietercynowościach	nietercynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowościami	nietercynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowością	nietercynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowości	nietercynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowości	nietercynowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowości	nietercynowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowości	nietercynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowości	nietercynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowościom	nietercynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowość	nietercynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowość	nietercynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietercynowa	nietercynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietercynową	nietercynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietercynową	nietercynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietercynowego	nietercynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietercynowego	nietercynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercynowej	nietercynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietercynowej	nietercynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietercynowej	nietercynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietercynowemu	nietercynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercynowe	nietercynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercynowe	nietercynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercynowe	nietercynowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietercynowe	nietercynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietercynowi	nietercynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietercynowych	nietercynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietercynowych	nietercynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercynowych	nietercynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercynowymi	nietercynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercynowym	nietercynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietercynowym	nietercynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercynowym	nietercynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietercynowy	nietercynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietercynowy	nietercynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterenowo	nieterenowo	adv:pos		
nieterenowościach	nieterenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowościami	nieterenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowością	nieterenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowości	nieterenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowości	nieterenowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowości	nieterenowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowości	nieterenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowości	nieterenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowościom	nieterenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowość	nieterenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowość	nieterenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterenowa	nieterenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterenową	nieterenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterenową	nieterenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterenowego	nieterenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterenowego	nieterenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenowej	nieterenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterenowej	nieterenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterenowej	nieterenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterenowemu	nieterenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenowe	nieterenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenowe	nieterenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenowe	nieterenowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterenowe	nieterenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterenowi	nieterenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterenowych	nieterenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterenowych	nieterenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenowych	nieterenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenowymi	nieterenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenowym	nieterenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenowym	nieterenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenowym	nieterenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenowy	nieterenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterenowy	nieterenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterenoznawcza	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterenoznawczą	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterenoznawczą	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterenoznawczego	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterenoznawczego	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenoznawczej	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterenoznawczej	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterenoznawczej	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterenoznawczemu	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenoznawcze	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenoznawcze	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenoznawcze	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterenoznawcze	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterenoznawczych	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterenoznawczych	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenoznawczych	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenoznawczymi	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenoznawczym	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterenoznawczym	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenoznawczym	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterenoznawczy	nieterenoznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterenoznawczy	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterenoznawczy	nieterenoznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteresińscy	nieteresiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteresińska	nieteresiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteresińską	nieteresiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteresińską	nieteresiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteresińskich	nieteresiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteresińskich	nieteresiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteresińskich	nieteresiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteresińskiego	nieteresiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteresińskiego	nieteresiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteresińskiej	nieteresiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteresińskiej	nieteresiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteresińskiej	nieteresiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteresińskiemu	nieteresiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteresińskie	nieteresiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteresińskie	nieteresiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteresińskie	nieteresiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteresińskie	nieteresiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteresińskimi	nieteresiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteresińskim	nieteresiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteresińskim	nieteresiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteresińskim	nieteresiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteresiński	nieteresiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteresiński	nieteresiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteresińsko	nieteresińsko	adv:pos		
nieteresińskościach	nieteresińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskościami	nieteresińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskością	nieteresińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskości	nieteresińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskości	nieteresińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskości	nieteresińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskości	nieteresińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskości	nieteresińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskościom	nieteresińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskość	nieteresińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteresińskość	nieteresińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolscy	nieterespolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterespolska	nieterespolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterespolską	nieterespolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterespolską	nieterespolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterespolskich	nieterespolski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterespolskich	nieterespolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterespolskich	nieterespolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterespolskiego	nieterespolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterespolskiego	nieterespolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterespolskiej	nieterespolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterespolskiej	nieterespolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterespolskiej	nieterespolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterespolskiemu	nieterespolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterespolskie	nieterespolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterespolskie	nieterespolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterespolskie	nieterespolski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterespolskie	nieterespolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterespolskimi	nieterespolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterespolskim	nieterespolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterespolskim	nieterespolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterespolskim	nieterespolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterespolski	nieterespolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterespolski	nieterespolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterespolsko	nieterespolsko	adv:pos		
nieterespolskościach	nieterespolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskościami	nieterespolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskością	nieterespolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskości	nieterespolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskości	nieterespolskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskości	nieterespolskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskości	nieterespolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskości	nieterespolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskościom	nieterespolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskość	nieterespolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterespolskość	nieterespolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolscy	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietereszpolska	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietereszpolską	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietereszpolską	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietereszpolskich	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietereszpolskich	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietereszpolskich	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietereszpolskiego	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietereszpolskiego	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietereszpolskiej	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietereszpolskiej	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietereszpolskiej	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietereszpolskiemu	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietereszpolskie	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietereszpolskie	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietereszpolskie	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietereszpolskie	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietereszpolskimi	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietereszpolskim	nietereszpolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietereszpolskim	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietereszpolskim	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietereszpolski	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietereszpolski	nietereszpolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietereszpolsko	nietereszpolsko	adv:pos		
nietereszpolskościach	nietereszpolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskościami	nietereszpolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskością	nietereszpolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskości	nietereszpolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskości	nietereszpolskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskości	nietereszpolskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskości	nietereszpolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskości	nietereszpolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskościom	nietereszpolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskość	nietereszpolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietereszpolskość	nietereszpolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowościach	nietergalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowościami	nietergalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowością	nietergalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowości	nietergalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowości	nietergalowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowości	nietergalowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowości	nietergalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowości	nietergalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowościom	nietergalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowość	nietergalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowość	nietergalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietergalowa	nietergalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietergalową	nietergalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietergalową	nietergalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietergalowego	nietergalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietergalowego	nietergalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietergalowej	nietergalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietergalowej	nietergalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietergalowej	nietergalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietergalowemu	nietergalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietergalowe	nietergalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietergalowe	nietergalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietergalowe	nietergalowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietergalowe	nietergalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietergalowi	nietergalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietergalowych	nietergalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietergalowych	nietergalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietergalowych	nietergalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietergalowymi	nietergalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietergalowym	nietergalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietergalowym	nietergalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietergalowym	nietergalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietergalowy	nietergalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietergalowy	nietergalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterierowościach	nieterierowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowościami	nieterierowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowością	nieterierowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowości	nieterierowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowości	nieterierowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowości	nieterierowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowości	nieterierowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowości	nieterierowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowościom	nieterierowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowość	nieterierowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowość	nieterierowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterierowa	nieterierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterierową	nieterierowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterierową	nieterierowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterierowego	nieterierowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterierowego	nieterierowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterierowej	nieterierowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterierowej	nieterierowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterierowej	nieterierowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterierowemu	nieterierowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterierowe	nieterierowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterierowe	nieterierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterierowe	nieterierowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterierowe	nieterierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterierowi	nieterierowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterierowych	nieterierowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterierowych	nieterierowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterierowych	nieterierowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterierowymi	nieterierowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterierowym	nieterierowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterierowym	nieterierowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterierowym	nieterierowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterierowy	nieterierowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterierowy	nieterierowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterkotliwościach	nieterkotliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwościami	nieterkotliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwością	nieterkotliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwości	nieterkotliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwości	nieterkotliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwości	nieterkotliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwości	nieterkotliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwości	nieterkotliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwościom	nieterkotliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwość	nieterkotliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwość	nieterkotliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterkotliwa	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterkotliwą	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterkotliwą	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterkotliwego	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterkotliwego	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterkotliwej	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterkotliwej	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterkotliwej	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterkotliwemu	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterkotliwe	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterkotliwe	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterkotliwe	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterkotliwe	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterkotliwi	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterkotliwych	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterkotliwych	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterkotliwych	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterkotliwymi	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterkotliwym	nieterkotliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterkotliwym	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterkotliwym	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterkotliwy	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterkotliwy	nieterkotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermalnościach	nietermalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalnościami	nietermalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalnością	nietermalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalności	nietermalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalności	nietermalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalności	nietermalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalności	nietermalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalności	nietermalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalnościom	nietermalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalność	nietermalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalność	nietermalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermalna	nietermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermalną	nietermalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermalną	nietermalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermalnego	nietermalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermalnego	nietermalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermalnej	nietermalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermalnej	nietermalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermalnej	nietermalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermalnemu	nietermalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermalne	nietermalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermalne	nietermalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermalne	nietermalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermalne	nietermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermalni	nietermalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermalnych	nietermalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermalnych	nietermalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermalnych	nietermalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermalnymi	nietermalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermalnym	nietermalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermalnym	nietermalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermalnym	nietermalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermalny	nietermalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermalny	nietermalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermicznie	nietermicznie	adv:pos		
nietermicznościach	nietermiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermicznościami	nietermiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermicznością	nietermiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczności	nietermiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczności	nietermiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczności	nietermiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczności	nietermiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczności	nietermiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermicznościom	nietermiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczność	nietermiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczność	nietermiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermiczna	nietermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermiczną	nietermiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermiczną	nietermiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermicznego	nietermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermicznego	nietermiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermicznej	nietermiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermicznej	nietermiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermicznej	nietermiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermicznemu	nietermiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermiczne	nietermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermiczne	nietermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermiczne	nietermiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermiczne	nietermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermiczni	nietermiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermicznych	nietermiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermicznych	nietermiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermicznych	nietermiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermicznymi	nietermiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermicznym	nietermiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermicznym	nietermiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermicznym	nietermiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermiczny	nietermiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermiczny	nietermiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterminalnie	nieterminalnie	adv:pos		
nieterminalnościach	nieterminalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalnościami	nieterminalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalnością	nieterminalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalności	nieterminalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalności	nieterminalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalności	nieterminalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalności	nieterminalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalności	nieterminalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalnościom	nieterminalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalność	nieterminalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalność	nieterminalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalna	nieterminalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterminalną	nieterminalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterminalną	nieterminalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterminalnego	nieterminalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterminalnego	nieterminalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalnej	nieterminalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterminalnej	nieterminalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterminalnej	nieterminalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterminalnemu	nieterminalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalne	nieterminalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalne	nieterminalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalne	nieterminalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterminalne	nieterminalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterminalni	nieterminalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterminalnych	nieterminalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterminalnych	nieterminalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalnych	nieterminalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalnymi	nieterminalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalnym	nieterminalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalnym	nieterminalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalnym	nieterminalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalny	nieterminalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterminalny	nieterminalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterminalowo	nieterminalowo	adv:pos		
nieterminalowościach	nieterminalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowościami	nieterminalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowością	nieterminalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowości	nieterminalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowości	nieterminalowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowości	nieterminalowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowości	nieterminalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowości	nieterminalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowościom	nieterminalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowość	nieterminalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowość	nieterminalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminalowa	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterminalową	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterminalową	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterminalowego	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterminalowego	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalowej	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterminalowej	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterminalowej	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterminalowemu	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalowe	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalowe	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalowe	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterminalowe	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterminalowi	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterminalowych	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterminalowych	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalowych	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalowymi	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalowym	nieterminalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminalowym	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalowym	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminalowy	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterminalowy	nieterminalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterminatorscy	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterminatorska	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterminatorską	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterminatorską	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterminatorskich	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterminatorskich	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminatorskich	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminatorskiego	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterminatorskiego	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminatorskiej	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterminatorskiej	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterminatorskiej	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterminatorskiemu	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminatorskie	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminatorskie	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminatorskie	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterminatorskie	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterminatorskimi	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminatorskim	nieterminatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminatorskim	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminatorskim	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminatorski	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterminatorski	nieterminatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterminatorsko	nieterminatorsko	adv:pos		
nieterminatorskościach	nieterminatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskościami	nieterminatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskością	nieterminatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskości	nieterminatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskości	nieterminatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskości	nieterminatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskości	nieterminatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskości	nieterminatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskościom	nieterminatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskość	nieterminatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminatorskość	nieterminatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologicznie	nieterminologicznie	adv:pos		
nieterminologicznościach	nieterminologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologicznościami	nieterminologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologicznością	nieterminologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczności	nieterminologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczności	nieterminologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczności	nieterminologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczności	nieterminologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczności	nieterminologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologicznościom	nieterminologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczność	nieterminologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczność	nieterminologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminologiczna	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterminologiczną	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterminologiczną	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterminologicznego	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterminologicznego	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminologicznej	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterminologicznej	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterminologicznej	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterminologicznemu	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminologiczne	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminologiczne	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminologiczne	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterminologiczne	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterminologiczni	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterminologicznych	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterminologicznych	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminologicznych	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminologicznymi	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminologicznym	nieterminologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminologicznym	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminologicznym	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminologiczny	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterminologiczny	nieterminologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterminowo	nieterminowo	adv:pos		
nieterminowościach	nieterminowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowościami	nieterminowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowością	nieterminowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowości	nieterminowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowości	nieterminowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowości	nieterminowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowości	nieterminowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowości	nieterminowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowościom	nieterminowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowość	nieterminowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowość	nieterminowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterminowa	nieterminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterminową	nieterminowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterminową	nieterminowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterminowego	nieterminowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterminowego	nieterminowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminowej	nieterminowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterminowej	nieterminowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterminowej	nieterminowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterminowemu	nieterminowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminowe	nieterminowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminowe	nieterminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminowe	nieterminowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterminowe	nieterminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterminowi	nieterminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterminowych	nieterminowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterminowych	nieterminowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminowych	nieterminowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminowymi	nieterminowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminowym	nieterminowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterminowym	nieterminowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminowym	nieterminowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterminowy	nieterminowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterminowy	nieterminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermitowościach	nietermitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowościami	nietermitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowością	nietermitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowości	nietermitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowości	nietermitowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowości	nietermitowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowości	nietermitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowości	nietermitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowościom	nietermitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowość	nietermitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowość	nietermitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermitowa	nietermitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermitową	nietermitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermitową	nietermitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermitowego	nietermitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermitowego	nietermitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermitowej	nietermitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermitowej	nietermitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermitowej	nietermitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermitowemu	nietermitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermitowe	nietermitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermitowe	nietermitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermitowe	nietermitowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermitowe	nietermitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermitowi	nietermitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermitowych	nietermitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermitowych	nietermitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermitowych	nietermitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermitowymi	nietermitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermitowym	nietermitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermitowym	nietermitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermitowym	nietermitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermitowy	nietermitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermitowy	nietermitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermobetonowościach	nietermobetonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowościami	nietermobetonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowością	nietermobetonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowości	nietermobetonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowości	nietermobetonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowości	nietermobetonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowości	nietermobetonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowości	nietermobetonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowościom	nietermobetonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowość	nietermobetonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowość	nietermobetonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermobetonowa	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermobetonową	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermobetonową	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermobetonowego	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermobetonowego	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermobetonowej	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermobetonowej	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermobetonowej	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermobetonowemu	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermobetonowe	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermobetonowe	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermobetonowe	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermobetonowe	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermobetonowi	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermobetonowych	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermobetonowych	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermobetonowych	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermobetonowymi	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermobetonowym	nietermobetonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermobetonowym	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermobetonowym	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermobetonowy	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermobetonowy	nietermobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermochemicznościach	nietermochemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemicznościami	nietermochemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemicznością	nietermochemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczności	nietermochemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczności	nietermochemiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczności	nietermochemiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczności	nietermochemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczności	nietermochemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemicznościom	nietermochemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczność	nietermochemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczność	nietermochemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermochemiczna	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermochemiczną	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermochemiczną	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermochemicznego	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermochemicznego	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermochemicznej	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermochemicznej	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermochemicznej	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermochemicznemu	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermochemiczne	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermochemiczne	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermochemiczne	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermochemiczne	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermochemiczni	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermochemicznych	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermochemicznych	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermochemicznych	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermochemicznymi	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermochemicznym	nietermochemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermochemicznym	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermochemicznym	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermochemiczny	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermochemiczny	nietermochemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermociśnieniowościach	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowościami	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowością	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowości	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowości	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowości	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowości	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowości	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowościom	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowość	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowość	nietermociśnieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermociśnieniowa	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermociśnieniową	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermociśnieniową	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermociśnieniowego	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermociśnieniowego	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowej	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermociśnieniowej	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermociśnieniowej	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermociśnieniowemu	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowe	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowe	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowe	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowe	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowi	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermociśnieniowych	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermociśnieniowych	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowych	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowymi	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowym	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowym	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowym	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermociśnieniowy	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermociśnieniowy	nietermociśnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermodynamicznościach	nietermodynamiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamicznościami	nietermodynamiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamicznością	nietermodynamiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczności	nietermodynamiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczności	nietermodynamiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczności	nietermodynamiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczności	nietermodynamiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczności	nietermodynamiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamicznościom	nietermodynamiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczność	nietermodynamiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczność	nietermodynamiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermodynamiczna	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermodynamiczną	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermodynamiczną	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermodynamicznego	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermodynamicznego	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermodynamicznej	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermodynamicznej	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermodynamicznej	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermodynamicznemu	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermodynamiczne	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermodynamiczne	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermodynamiczne	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermodynamiczne	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermodynamiczni	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermodynamicznych	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermodynamicznych	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermodynamicznych	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermodynamicznymi	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermodynamicznym	nietermodynamiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermodynamicznym	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermodynamicznym	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermodynamiczny	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermodynamiczny	nietermodynamiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermoelektrycznościach	nietermoelektryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektrycznościami	nietermoelektryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektrycznością	nietermoelektryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczności	nietermoelektryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczności	nietermoelektryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczności	nietermoelektryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczności	nietermoelektryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczności	nietermoelektryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektrycznościom	nietermoelektryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczność	nietermoelektryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczność	nietermoelektryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoelektryczna	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermoelektryczną	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermoelektryczną	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermoelektrycznego	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermoelektrycznego	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoelektrycznej	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermoelektrycznej	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermoelektrycznej	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermoelektrycznemu	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoelektryczne	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoelektryczne	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoelektryczne	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermoelektryczne	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermoelektryczni	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermoelektrycznych	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermoelektrycznych	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoelektrycznych	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoelektrycznymi	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoelektrycznym	nietermoelektryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoelektrycznym	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoelektrycznym	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoelektryczny	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermoelektryczny	nietermoelektryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermofilnościach	nietermofilność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilnościami	nietermofilność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilnością	nietermofilność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilności	nietermofilność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilności	nietermofilność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilności	nietermofilność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilności	nietermofilność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilności	nietermofilność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilnościom	nietermofilność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilność	nietermofilność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilność	nietermofilność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermofilna	nietermofilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermofilną	nietermofilny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermofilną	nietermofilny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermofilnego	nietermofilny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermofilnego	nietermofilny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermofilnej	nietermofilny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermofilnej	nietermofilny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermofilnej	nietermofilny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermofilnemu	nietermofilny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermofilne	nietermofilny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermofilne	nietermofilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermofilne	nietermofilny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermofilne	nietermofilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermofilni	nietermofilny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermofilnych	nietermofilny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermofilnych	nietermofilny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermofilnych	nietermofilny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermofilnymi	nietermofilny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermofilnym	nietermofilny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermofilnym	nietermofilny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermofilnym	nietermofilny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermofilny	nietermofilny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermofilny	nietermofilny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnościach	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjnościami	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjnością	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjności	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjności	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjności	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjności	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjności	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjnościom	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjność	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjność	nietermoizolacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoizolacyjna	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermoizolacyjną	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermoizolacyjną	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnego	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnego	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnej	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnej	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnej	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnemu	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjne	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjne	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjne	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjne	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjni	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnych	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnych	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnych	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnymi	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnym	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnym	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjnym	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoizolacyjny	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermoizolacyjny	nietermoizolacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermojądrowościach	nietermojądrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowościami	nietermojądrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowością	nietermojądrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowości	nietermojądrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowości	nietermojądrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowości	nietermojądrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowości	nietermojądrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowości	nietermojądrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowościom	nietermojądrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowość	nietermojądrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowość	nietermojądrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermojądrowa	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermojądrową	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermojądrową	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermojądrowego	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermojądrowego	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermojądrowej	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermojądrowej	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermojądrowej	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermojądrowemu	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermojądrowe	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermojądrowe	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermojądrowe	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermojądrowe	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermojądrowi	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermojądrowych	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermojądrowych	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermojądrowych	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermojądrowymi	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermojądrowym	nietermojądrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermojądrowym	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermojądrowym	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermojądrowy	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermojądrowy	nietermojądrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermomechanicznie	nietermomechanicznie	adv:pos		
nietermomechanicznościach	nietermomechaniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechanicznościami	nietermomechaniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechanicznością	nietermomechaniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczności	nietermomechaniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczności	nietermomechaniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczności	nietermomechaniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczności	nietermomechaniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczności	nietermomechaniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechanicznościom	nietermomechaniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczność	nietermomechaniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczność	nietermomechaniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermomechaniczna	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermomechaniczną	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermomechaniczną	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermomechanicznego	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermomechanicznego	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermomechanicznej	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermomechanicznej	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermomechanicznej	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermomechanicznemu	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermomechaniczne	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermomechaniczne	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermomechaniczne	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermomechaniczne	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermomechaniczni	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermomechanicznych	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermomechanicznych	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermomechanicznych	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermomechanicznymi	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermomechanicznym	nietermomechaniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermomechanicznym	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermomechanicznym	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermomechaniczny	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermomechaniczny	nietermomechaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermometrycznościach	nietermometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometrycznościami	nietermometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometrycznością	nietermometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczności	nietermometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczności	nietermometryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczności	nietermometryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczności	nietermometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczności	nietermometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometrycznościom	nietermometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczność	nietermometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczność	nietermometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermometryczna	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermometryczną	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermometryczną	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermometrycznego	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermometrycznego	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermometrycznej	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermometrycznej	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermometrycznej	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermometrycznemu	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermometryczne	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermometryczne	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermometryczne	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermometryczne	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermometryczni	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermometrycznych	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermometrycznych	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermometrycznych	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermometrycznymi	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermometrycznym	nietermometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermometrycznym	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermometrycznym	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermometryczny	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermometryczny	nietermometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermonuklearnościach	nietermonuklearność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearnościami	nietermonuklearność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearnością	nietermonuklearność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearności	nietermonuklearność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearności	nietermonuklearność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearności	nietermonuklearność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearności	nietermonuklearność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearności	nietermonuklearność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearnościom	nietermonuklearność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearność	nietermonuklearność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearność	nietermonuklearność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermonuklearna	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermonuklearną	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermonuklearną	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermonuklearnego	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermonuklearnego	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermonuklearnej	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermonuklearnej	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermonuklearnej	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermonuklearnemu	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermonuklearne	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermonuklearne	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermonuklearne	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermonuklearne	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermonuklearni	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermonuklearnych	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermonuklearnych	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermonuklearnych	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermonuklearnymi	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermonuklearnym	nietermonuklearny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermonuklearnym	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermonuklearnym	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermonuklearny	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermonuklearny	nietermonuklearny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermoodpornościach	nietermoodporność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodpornościami	nietermoodporność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodpornością	nietermoodporność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporności	nietermoodporność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporności	nietermoodporność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporności	nietermoodporność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporności	nietermoodporność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporności	nietermoodporność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodpornościom	nietermoodporność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporność	nietermoodporność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporność	nietermoodporność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoodporna	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermoodporną	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermoodporną	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermoodpornego	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermoodpornego	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoodpornej	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermoodpornej	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermoodpornej	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermoodpornemu	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoodporne	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoodporne	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoodporne	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermoodporne	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermoodporni	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermoodpornych	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermoodpornych	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoodpornych	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoodpornymi	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoodpornym	nietermoodporny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoodpornym	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoodpornym	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoodporny	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermoodporny	nietermoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermoparowościach	nietermoparowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowościami	nietermoparowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowością	nietermoparowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowości	nietermoparowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowości	nietermoparowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowości	nietermoparowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowości	nietermoparowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowości	nietermoparowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowościom	nietermoparowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowość	nietermoparowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowość	nietermoparowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoparowa	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermoparową	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermoparową	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermoparowego	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermoparowego	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoparowej	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermoparowej	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermoparowej	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermoparowemu	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoparowe	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoparowe	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoparowe	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermoparowe	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermoparowi	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermoparowych	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermoparowych	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoparowych	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoparowymi	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoparowym	nietermoparowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoparowym	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoparowym	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoparowy	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermoparowy	nietermoparowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermopilscy	nietermopilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermopilska	nietermopilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermopilską	nietermopilski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermopilską	nietermopilski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermopilskich	nietermopilski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermopilskich	nietermopilski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermopilskich	nietermopilski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermopilskiego	nietermopilski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermopilskiego	nietermopilski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermopilskiej	nietermopilski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermopilskiej	nietermopilski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermopilskiej	nietermopilski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermopilskiemu	nietermopilski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermopilskie	nietermopilski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermopilskie	nietermopilski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermopilskie	nietermopilski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermopilskie	nietermopilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermopilskimi	nietermopilski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermopilskim	nietermopilski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermopilskim	nietermopilski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermopilskim	nietermopilski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermopilski	nietermopilski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermopilski	nietermopilski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermopilsko	nietermopilsko	adv:pos		
nietermopilskościach	nietermopilskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskościami	nietermopilskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskością	nietermopilskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskości	nietermopilskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskości	nietermopilskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskości	nietermopilskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskości	nietermopilskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskości	nietermopilskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskościom	nietermopilskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskość	nietermopilskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermopilskość	nietermopilskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastycznościach	nietermoplastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastycznościami	nietermoplastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastycznością	nietermoplastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczności	nietermoplastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczności	nietermoplastyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczności	nietermoplastyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczności	nietermoplastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczności	nietermoplastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastycznościom	nietermoplastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczność	nietermoplastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczność	nietermoplastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoplastyczna	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermoplastyczną	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermoplastyczną	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermoplastycznego	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermoplastycznego	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoplastycznej	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermoplastycznej	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermoplastycznej	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermoplastycznemu	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoplastyczne	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoplastyczne	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoplastyczne	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermoplastyczne	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermoplastyczni	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermoplastycznych	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermoplastycznych	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoplastycznych	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoplastycznymi	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoplastycznym	nietermoplastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoplastycznym	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoplastycznym	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoplastyczny	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermoplastyczny	nietermoplastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnościach	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjnościami	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjnością	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjności	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjności	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjności	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjności	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjności	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjnościom	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjność	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjność	nietermoregulacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoregulacyjna	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermoregulacyjną	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermoregulacyjną	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnego	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnego	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnej	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnej	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnej	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnemu	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjne	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjne	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjne	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjne	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjni	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnych	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnych	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnych	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnymi	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnym	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnym	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjnym	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoregulacyjny	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermoregulacyjny	nietermoregulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermostatowościach	nietermostatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowościami	nietermostatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowością	nietermostatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowości	nietermostatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowości	nietermostatowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowości	nietermostatowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowości	nietermostatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowości	nietermostatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowościom	nietermostatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowość	nietermostatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowość	nietermostatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatowa	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermostatową	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermostatową	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermostatowego	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermostatowego	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatowej	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermostatowej	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermostatowej	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermostatowemu	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatowe	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatowe	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatowe	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermostatowe	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermostatowi	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermostatowych	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermostatowych	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatowych	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatowymi	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatowym	nietermostatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatowym	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatowym	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatowy	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermostatowy	nietermostatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermostatycznościach	nietermostatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatycznościami	nietermostatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatycznością	nietermostatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczności	nietermostatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczności	nietermostatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczności	nietermostatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczności	nietermostatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczności	nietermostatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatycznościom	nietermostatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczność	nietermostatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczność	nietermostatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermostatyczna	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermostatyczną	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermostatyczną	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermostatycznego	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermostatycznego	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatycznej	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermostatycznej	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermostatycznej	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermostatycznemu	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatyczne	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatyczne	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatyczne	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermostatyczne	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermostatyczni	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermostatycznych	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermostatycznych	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatycznych	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatycznymi	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatycznym	nietermostatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermostatycznym	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatycznym	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermostatyczny	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermostatyczny	nietermostatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermosyfonowościach	nietermosyfonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowościami	nietermosyfonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowością	nietermosyfonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowości	nietermosyfonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowości	nietermosyfonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowości	nietermosyfonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowości	nietermosyfonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowości	nietermosyfonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowościom	nietermosyfonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowość	nietermosyfonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowość	nietermosyfonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermosyfonowa	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermosyfonową	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermosyfonową	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermosyfonowego	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermosyfonowego	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowej	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermosyfonowej	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermosyfonowej	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermosyfonowemu	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowe	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowe	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowe	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermosyfonowe	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermosyfonowi	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermosyfonowych	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermosyfonowych	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowych	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowymi	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowym	nietermosyfonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowym	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowym	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermosyfonowy	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermosyfonowy	nietermosyfonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnościach	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalnościami	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalnością	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalności	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalności	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalności	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalności	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalności	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalnościom	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalność	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalność	nietermoutwardzalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietermoutwardzalna	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietermoutwardzalną	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietermoutwardzalną	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnego	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnego	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnej	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnej	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnej	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnemu	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalne	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalne	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalne	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalne	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalni	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnych	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnych	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnych	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnymi	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnym	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnym	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalnym	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietermoutwardzalny	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietermoutwardzalny	nietermoutwardzalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterowościach	nieterowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowościami	nieterowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowością	nieterowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowości	nieterowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowości	nieterowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowości	nieterowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowości	nieterowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowości	nieterowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowościom	nieterowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowość	nieterowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowość	nieterowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterowa	nieterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterową	nieterowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterową	nieterowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterowego	nieterowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterowego	nieterowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterowej	nieterowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterowej	nieterowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterowej	nieterowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterowemu	nieterowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterowe	nieterowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterowe	nieterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterowe	nieterowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterowe	nieterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterowi	nieterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterowych	nieterowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterowych	nieterowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterowych	nieterowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterowymi	nieterowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterowym	nieterowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterowym	nieterowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterowym	nieterowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterowy	nieterowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterowy	nieterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterpenowościach	nieterpenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowościami	nieterpenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowością	nieterpenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowości	nieterpenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowości	nieterpenowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowości	nieterpenowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowości	nieterpenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowości	nieterpenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowościom	nieterpenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowość	nieterpenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowość	nieterpenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpenowa	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterpenową	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterpenową	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterpenowego	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterpenowego	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpenowej	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterpenowej	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterpenowej	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterpenowemu	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpenowe	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpenowe	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpenowe	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterpenowe	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterpenowi	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterpenowych	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterpenowych	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpenowych	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpenowymi	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpenowym	nieterpenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpenowym	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpenowym	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpenowy	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterpenowy	nieterpenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterpentynowościach	nieterpentynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowościami	nieterpentynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowością	nieterpentynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowości	nieterpentynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowości	nieterpentynowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowości	nieterpentynowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowości	nieterpentynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowości	nieterpentynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowościom	nieterpentynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowość	nieterpentynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowość	nieterpentynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterpentynowa	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterpentynową	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterpentynową	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterpentynowego	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterpentynowego	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpentynowej	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterpentynowej	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterpentynowej	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterpentynowemu	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpentynowe	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpentynowe	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpentynowe	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterpentynowe	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterpentynowi	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterpentynowych	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterpentynowych	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpentynowych	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpentynowymi	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpentynowym	nieterpentynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterpentynowym	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpentynowym	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterpentynowy	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterpentynowy	nieterpentynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterrańscy	nieterrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterrańska	nieterrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterrańską	nieterrański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterrańską	nieterrański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterrańskich	nieterrański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterrańskich	nieterrański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrańskich	nieterrański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrańskiego	nieterrański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterrańskiego	nieterrański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrańskiej	nieterrański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterrańskiej	nieterrański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterrańskiej	nieterrański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterrańskiemu	nieterrański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrańskie	nieterrański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrańskie	nieterrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrańskie	nieterrański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterrańskie	nieterrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterrańskimi	nieterrański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrańskim	nieterrański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrańskim	nieterrański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrańskim	nieterrański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrański	nieterrański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterrański	nieterrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterrańsko	nieterrańsko	adv:pos		
nieterrańskościach	nieterrańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskościami	nieterrańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskością	nieterrańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskości	nieterrańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskości	nieterrańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskości	nieterrańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskości	nieterrańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskości	nieterrańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskościom	nieterrańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskość	nieterrańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrańskość	nieterrańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowościach	nieterrazytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowościami	nieterrazytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowością	nieterrazytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowości	nieterrazytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowości	nieterrazytowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowości	nieterrazytowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowości	nieterrazytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowości	nieterrazytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowościom	nieterrazytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowość	nieterrazytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowość	nieterrazytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrazytowa	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterrazytową	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterrazytową	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterrazytowego	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterrazytowego	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrazytowej	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterrazytowej	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterrazytowej	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterrazytowemu	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrazytowe	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrazytowe	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrazytowe	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterrazytowe	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterrazytowi	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterrazytowych	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterrazytowych	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrazytowych	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrazytowymi	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrazytowym	nieterrazytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrazytowym	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrazytowym	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrazytowy	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterrazytowy	nieterrazytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterrorystycznościach	nieterrorystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystycznościami	nieterrorystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystycznością	nieterrorystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczności	nieterrorystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczności	nieterrorystyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczności	nieterrorystyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczności	nieterrorystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczności	nieterrorystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystycznościom	nieterrorystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczność	nieterrorystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczność	nieterrorystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterrorystyczna	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterrorystyczną	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterrorystyczną	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterrorystycznego	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterrorystycznego	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrorystycznej	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterrorystycznej	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterrorystycznej	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterrorystycznemu	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrorystyczne	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrorystyczne	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrorystyczne	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterrorystyczne	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterrorystyczni	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterrorystycznych	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterrorystycznych	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrorystycznych	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrorystycznymi	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrorystycznym	nieterrorystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterrorystycznym	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrorystycznym	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterrorystyczny	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterrorystyczny	nieterrorystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterygenicznościach	nieterygeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygenicznościami	nieterygeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygenicznością	nieterygeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczności	nieterygeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczności	nieterygeniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczności	nieterygeniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczności	nieterygeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczności	nieterygeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygenicznościom	nieterygeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczność	nieterygeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczność	nieterygeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterygeniczna	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterygeniczną	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterygeniczną	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterygenicznego	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterygenicznego	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterygenicznej	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterygenicznej	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterygenicznej	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterygenicznemu	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterygeniczne	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterygeniczne	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterygeniczne	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterygeniczne	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterygeniczni	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterygenicznych	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterygenicznych	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterygenicznych	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterygenicznymi	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterygenicznym	nieterygeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterygenicznym	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterygenicznym	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterygeniczny	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterygeniczny	nieterygeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieterytorialnie	nieterytorialnie	adv:pos		
nieterytorialnościach	nieterytorialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialnościami	nieterytorialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialnością	nieterytorialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialności	nieterytorialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialności	nieterytorialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialności	nieterytorialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialności	nieterytorialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialności	nieterytorialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialnościom	nieterytorialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialność	nieterytorialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialność	nieterytorialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieterytorialna	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieterytorialną	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieterytorialną	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieterytorialnego	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieterytorialnego	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterytorialnej	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieterytorialnej	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieterytorialnej	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieterytorialnemu	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterytorialne	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterytorialne	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterytorialne	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieterytorialne	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieterytorialni	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieterytorialnych	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieterytorialnych	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterytorialnych	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterytorialnymi	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterytorialnym	nieterytorialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieterytorialnym	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterytorialnym	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieterytorialny	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieterytorialny	nieterytorialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietesalscy	nietesalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietesalska	nietesalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietesalską	nietesalski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietesalską	nietesalski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietesalskich	nietesalski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietesalskich	nietesalski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesalskich	nietesalski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesalskiego	nietesalski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietesalskiego	nietesalski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesalskiej	nietesalski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietesalskiej	nietesalski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietesalskiej	nietesalski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietesalskiemu	nietesalski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesalskie	nietesalski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesalskie	nietesalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesalskie	nietesalski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietesalskie	nietesalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietesalskimi	nietesalski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesalskim	nietesalski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesalskim	nietesalski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesalskim	nietesalski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesalski	nietesalski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietesalski	nietesalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietesalsko	nietesalsko	adv:pos		
nietesalskościach	nietesalskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskościami	nietesalskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskością	nietesalskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskości	nietesalskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskości	nietesalskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskości	nietesalskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskości	nietesalskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskości	nietesalskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskościom	nietesalskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskość	nietesalskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesalskość	nietesalskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarnie	nietestamentarnie	adv:pos		
nietestamentarnościach	nietestamentarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarnościami	nietestamentarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarnością	nietestamentarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarności	nietestamentarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarności	nietestamentarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarności	nietestamentarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarności	nietestamentarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarności	nietestamentarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarnościom	nietestamentarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarność	nietestamentarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarność	nietestamentarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentarna	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietestamentarną	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietestamentarną	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietestamentarnego	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietestamentarnego	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentarnej	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietestamentarnej	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietestamentarnej	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietestamentarnemu	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentarne	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentarne	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentarne	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietestamentarne	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietestamentarni	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietestamentarnych	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietestamentarnych	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentarnych	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentarnymi	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentarnym	nietestamentarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentarnym	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentarnym	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentarny	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietestamentarny	nietestamentarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietestamentowo	nietestamentowo	adv:pos		
nietestamentowościach	nietestamentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowościami	nietestamentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowością	nietestamentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowości	nietestamentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowości	nietestamentowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowości	nietestamentowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowości	nietestamentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowości	nietestamentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowościom	nietestamentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowość	nietestamentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowość	nietestamentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestamentowa	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietestamentową	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietestamentową	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietestamentowego	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietestamentowego	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentowej	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietestamentowej	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietestamentowej	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietestamentowemu	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentowe	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentowe	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentowe	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietestamentowe	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietestamentowi	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietestamentowych	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietestamentowych	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentowych	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentowymi	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentowym	nietestamentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestamentowym	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentowym	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestamentowy	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietestamentowy	nietestamentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietesterscy	nietesterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietesterska	nietesterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietesterską	nietesterski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietesterską	nietesterski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietesterskich	nietesterski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietesterskich	nietesterski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesterskich	nietesterski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesterskiego	nietesterski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietesterskiego	nietesterski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesterskiej	nietesterski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietesterskiej	nietesterski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietesterskiej	nietesterski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietesterskiemu	nietesterski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesterskie	nietesterski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesterskie	nietesterski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesterskie	nietesterski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietesterskie	nietesterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietesterskimi	nietesterski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesterskim	nietesterski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietesterskim	nietesterski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesterskim	nietesterski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietesterski	nietesterski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietesterski	nietesterski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietestersko	nietestersko	adv:pos		
nietesterskościach	nietesterskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskościami	nietesterskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskością	nietesterskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskości	nietesterskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskości	nietesterskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskości	nietesterskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskości	nietesterskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskości	nietesterskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskościom	nietesterskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskość	nietesterskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietesterskość	nietesterskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowościach	nietestosteronowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowościami	nietestosteronowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowością	nietestosteronowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowości	nietestosteronowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowości	nietestosteronowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowości	nietestosteronowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowości	nietestosteronowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowości	nietestosteronowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowościom	nietestosteronowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowość	nietestosteronowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowość	nietestosteronowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestosteronowa	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietestosteronową	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietestosteronową	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietestosteronowego	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietestosteronowego	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestosteronowej	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietestosteronowej	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietestosteronowej	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietestosteronowemu	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestosteronowe	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestosteronowe	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestosteronowe	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietestosteronowe	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietestosteronowi	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietestosteronowych	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietestosteronowych	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestosteronowych	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestosteronowymi	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestosteronowym	nietestosteronowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestosteronowym	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestosteronowym	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestosteronowy	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietestosteronowy	nietestosteronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietestowo	nietestowo	adv:pos		
nietestowościach	nietestowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowościami	nietestowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowością	nietestowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowości	nietestowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowości	nietestowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowości	nietestowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowości	nietestowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowości	nietestowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowościom	nietestowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowość	nietestowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowość	nietestowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietestowa	nietestowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietestową	nietestowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietestową	nietestowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietestowego	nietestowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietestowego	nietestowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestowej	nietestowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietestowej	nietestowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietestowej	nietestowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietestowemu	nietestowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestowe	nietestowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestowe	nietestowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestowe	nietestowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietestowe	nietestowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietestowi	nietestowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietestowych	nietestowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietestowych	nietestowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestowych	nietestowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestowymi	nietestowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestowym	nietestowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietestowym	nietestowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestowym	nietestowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietestowy	nietestowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietestowy	nietestowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteściowościach	nieteściowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowościami	nieteściowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowością	nieteściowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowości	nieteściowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowości	nieteściowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowości	nieteściowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowości	nieteściowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowości	nieteściowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowościom	nieteściowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowość	nieteściowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowość	nieteściowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteściowa	nieteściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteściową	nieteściowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteściową	nieteściowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteściowego	nieteściowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteściowego	nieteściowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteściowej	nieteściowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteściowej	nieteściowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteściowej	nieteściowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteściowemu	nieteściowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteściowe	nieteściowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteściowe	nieteściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteściowe	nieteściowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteściowe	nieteściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteściowi	nieteściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteściowych	nieteściowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteściowych	nieteściowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteściowych	nieteściowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteściowymi	nieteściowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteściowym	nieteściowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteściowym	nieteściowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteściowym	nieteściowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteściowy	nieteściowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteściowy	nieteściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietetragonalnościach	nietetragonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalnościami	nietetragonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalnością	nietetragonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalności	nietetragonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalności	nietetragonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalności	nietetragonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalności	nietetragonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalności	nietetragonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalnościom	nietetragonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalność	nietetragonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalność	nietetragonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetragonalna	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietetragonalną	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietetragonalną	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietetragonalnego	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietetragonalnego	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetragonalnej	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietetragonalnej	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietetragonalnej	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietetragonalnemu	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetragonalne	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetragonalne	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetragonalne	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietetragonalne	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietetragonalni	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietetragonalnych	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietetragonalnych	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetragonalnych	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetragonalnymi	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetragonalnym	nietetragonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetragonalnym	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetragonalnym	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetragonalny	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietetragonalny	nietetragonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietetralogicznościach	nietetralogiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogicznościami	nietetralogiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogicznością	nietetralogiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczności	nietetralogiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczności	nietetralogiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczności	nietetralogiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczności	nietetralogiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczności	nietetralogiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogicznościom	nietetralogiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczność	nietetralogiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczność	nietetralogiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetralogiczna	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietetralogiczną	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietetralogiczną	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietetralogicznego	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietetralogicznego	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetralogicznej	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietetralogicznej	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietetralogicznej	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietetralogicznemu	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetralogiczne	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetralogiczne	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetralogiczne	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietetralogiczne	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietetralogiczni	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietetralogicznych	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietetralogicznych	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetralogicznych	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetralogicznymi	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetralogicznym	nietetralogiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetralogicznym	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetralogicznym	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetralogiczny	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietetralogiczny	nietetralogiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietetrowościach	nietetrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowościami	nietetrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowością	nietetrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowości	nietetrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowości	nietetrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowości	nietetrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowości	nietetrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowości	nietetrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowościom	nietetrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowość	nietetrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowość	nietetrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrowa	nietetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietetrową	nietetrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietetrową	nietetrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietetrowego	nietetrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietetrowego	nietetrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetrowej	nietetrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietetrowej	nietetrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietetrowej	nietetrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietetrowemu	nietetrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetrowe	nietetrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrowe	nietetrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrowe	nietetrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietetrowe	nietetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietetrowi	nietetrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietetrowych	nietetrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietetrowych	nietetrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrowych	nietetrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrowymi	nietetrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrowym	nietetrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrowym	nietetrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetrowym	nietetrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetrowy	nietetrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietetrowy	nietetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietetrycznościach	nietetryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrycznościami	nietetryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrycznością	nietetryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczności	nietetryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczności	nietetryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczności	nietetryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczności	nietetryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczności	nietetryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetrycznościom	nietetryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczność	nietetryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczność	nietetryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietetryczna	nietetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietetryczną	nietetryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietetryczną	nietetryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietetrycznego	nietetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietetrycznego	nietetryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetrycznej	nietetryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietetrycznej	nietetryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietetrycznej	nietetryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietetrycznemu	nietetryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetryczne	nietetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetryczne	nietetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetryczne	nietetryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietetryczne	nietetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietetryczni	nietetryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietetrycznych	nietetryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietetrycznych	nietetryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrycznych	nietetryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrycznymi	nietetryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrycznym	nietetryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietetrycznym	nietetryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetrycznym	nietetryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietetryczny	nietetryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietetryczny	nietetryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteutońscy	nieteutoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieteutońska	nieteutoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieteutońską	nieteutoński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieteutońską	nieteutoński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieteutońskich	nieteutoński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieteutońskich	nieteutoński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteutońskich	nieteutoński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteutońskiego	nieteutoński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieteutońskiego	nieteutoński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteutońskiej	nieteutoński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieteutońskiej	nieteutoński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieteutońskiej	nieteutoński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieteutońskiemu	nieteutoński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteutońskie	nieteutoński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteutońskie	nieteutoński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteutońskie	nieteutoński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieteutońskie	nieteutoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieteutońskimi	nieteutoński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteutońskim	nieteutoński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieteutońskim	nieteutoński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteutońskim	nieteutoński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieteutoński	nieteutoński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieteutoński	nieteutoński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieteutońsko	nieteutońsko	adv:pos		
nieteutońskościach	nieteutońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskościami	nieteutońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskością	nieteutońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskości	nieteutońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskości	nieteutońskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskości	nieteutońskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskości	nieteutońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskości	nieteutońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskościom	nieteutońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskość	nieteutońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieteutońskość	nieteutońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowościach	nietezowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowościami	nietezowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowością	nietezowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowości	nietezowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowości	nietezowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowości	nietezowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowości	nietezowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowości	nietezowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowościom	nietezowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowość	nietezowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowość	nietezowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietezowa	nietezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietezową	nietezowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietezową	nietezowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietezowego	nietezowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietezowego	nietezowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietezowej	nietezowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietezowej	nietezowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietezowej	nietezowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietezowemu	nietezowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietezowe	nietezowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietezowe	nietezowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietezowe	nietezowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietezowe	nietezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietezowi	nietezowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietezowych	nietezowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietezowych	nietezowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietezowych	nietezowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietezowymi	nietezowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietezowym	nietezowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietezowym	nietezowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietezowym	nietezowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietezowy	nietezowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietezowy	nietezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęcznościach	nietęczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęcznościami	nietęczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęcznością	nietęczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczności	nietęczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczności	nietęczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczności	nietęczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczności	nietęczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczności	nietęczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęcznościom	nietęczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczność	nietęczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczność	nietęczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczna	nietęczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęczną	nietęczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęczną	nietęczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęcznego	nietęczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęcznego	nietęczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęcznej	nietęczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęcznej	nietęczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęcznej	nietęczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęcznemu	nietęczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczne	nietęczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczne	nietęczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczne	nietęczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęczne	nietęczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęczni	nietęczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęcznych	nietęczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęcznych	nietęczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęcznych	nietęczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęcznymi	nietęczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęcznym	nietęczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęcznym	nietęczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęcznym	nietęczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczny	nietęczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęczny	nietęczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęczobarwnościach	nietęczobarwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwnościami	nietęczobarwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwnością	nietęczobarwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwności	nietęczobarwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwności	nietęczobarwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwności	nietęczobarwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwności	nietęczobarwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwności	nietęczobarwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwnościom	nietęczobarwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwność	nietęczobarwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwność	nietęczobarwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczobarwna	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęczobarwną	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęczobarwną	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęczobarwnego	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęczobarwnego	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczobarwnej	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęczobarwnej	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęczobarwnej	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęczobarwnemu	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczobarwne	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczobarwne	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczobarwne	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęczobarwne	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęczobarwni	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęczobarwnych	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęczobarwnych	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczobarwnych	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczobarwnymi	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczobarwnym	nietęczobarwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczobarwnym	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczobarwnym	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczobarwny	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęczobarwny	nietęczobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęczowie	nietęczowie	adv:pos		
nietęczowo	nietęczowo	adv:pos		
nietęczowościach	nietęczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowościami	nietęczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowością	nietęczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowości	nietęczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowości	nietęczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowości	nietęczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowości	nietęczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowości	nietęczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowościom	nietęczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowość	nietęczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowość	nietęczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczowa	nietęczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęczową	nietęczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęczową	nietęczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęczowego	nietęczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęczowego	nietęczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczowej	nietęczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęczowej	nietęczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęczowej	nietęczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęczowemu	nietęczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczowe	nietęczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczowe	nietęczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczowe	nietęczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęczowe	nietęczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęczowi	nietęczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęczowych	nietęczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęczowych	nietęczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczowych	nietęczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczowymi	nietęczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczowym	nietęczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczowym	nietęczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczowym	nietęczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczowy	nietęczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęczowy	nietęczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęczówkowo	nietęczówkowo	adv:pos		
nietęczówkowościach	nietęczówkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowościami	nietęczówkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowością	nietęczówkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowości	nietęczówkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowości	nietęczówkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowości	nietęczówkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowości	nietęczówkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowości	nietęczówkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowościom	nietęczówkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowość	nietęczówkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowość	nietęczówkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęczówkowa	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęczówkową	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęczówkową	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęczówkowego	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęczówkowego	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczówkowej	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęczówkowej	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęczówkowej	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęczówkowemu	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczówkowe	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczówkowe	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczówkowe	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęczówkowe	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęczówkowi	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęczówkowych	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęczówkowych	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczówkowych	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczówkowymi	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczówkowym	nietęczówkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęczówkowym	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczówkowym	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęczówkowy	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęczówkowy	nietęczówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęgawo	nietęgawo	adv:pos		
nietęgawościach	nietęgawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawościami	nietęgawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawością	nietęgawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawości	nietęgawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawości	nietęgawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawości	nietęgawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawości	nietęgawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawości	nietęgawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawościom	nietęgawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawość	nietęgawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawość	nietęgawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgawa	nietęgawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęgawą	nietęgawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęgawą	nietęgawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęgawego	nietęgawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęgawego	nietęgawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgawej	nietęgawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęgawej	nietęgawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęgawej	nietęgawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęgawemu	nietęgawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgawe	nietęgawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgawe	nietęgawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgawe	nietęgawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęgawe	nietęgawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęgawi	nietęgawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęgawych	nietęgawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęgawych	nietęgawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgawych	nietęgawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgawymi	nietęgawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgawym	nietęgawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgawym	nietęgawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgawym	nietęgawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgawy	nietęgawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęgawy	nietęgawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietędzy	nietęgi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęga	nietęgi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęgą	nietęgi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęgą	nietęgi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęgich	nietęgi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęgich	nietęgi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgich	nietęgi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgiego	nietęgi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęgiego	nietęgi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgiej	nietęgi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęgiej	nietęgi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęgiej	nietęgi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęgiemu	nietęgi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgie	nietęgi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgie	nietęgi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgie	nietęgi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęgie	nietęgi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęgimi	nietęgi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgim	nietęgi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgim	nietęgi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgim	nietęgi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgi	nietęgi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęgi	nietęgi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęgo	nietęgo	adv:pos		
nietęgopokrywościach	nietęgopokrywość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywościami	nietęgopokrywość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywością	nietęgopokrywość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywości	nietęgopokrywość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywości	nietęgopokrywość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywości	nietęgopokrywość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywości	nietęgopokrywość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywości	nietęgopokrywość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywościom	nietęgopokrywość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywość	nietęgopokrywość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywość	nietęgopokrywość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgopokrywa	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęgopokrywą	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęgopokrywą	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęgopokrywego	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęgopokrywego	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywej	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęgopokrywej	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęgopokrywej	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęgopokrywemu	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywe	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywe	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywe	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęgopokrywe	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęgopokrywi	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęgopokrywych	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęgopokrywych	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywych	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywymi	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywym	nietęgopokrywy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywym	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywym	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgopokrywy	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęgopokrywy	nietęgopokrywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęgoskórowatościach	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatościami	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatością	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatości	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatości	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatości	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatości	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatości	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatościom	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatość	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowatość	nietęgoskórowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgoskórowaci	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęgoskórowata	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęgoskórowatą	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęgoskórowatą	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęgoskórowatego	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęgoskórowatego	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowatej	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęgoskórowatej	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęgoskórowatej	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęgoskórowatemu	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowate	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowate	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowate	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęgoskórowate	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęgoskórowatych	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęgoskórowatych	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowatych	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowatymi	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowatym	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowatym	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowatym	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęgoskórowaty	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęgoskórowaty	nietęgoskórowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęgościach	nietęgość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgościami	nietęgość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgością	nietęgość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgości	nietęgość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgości	nietęgość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgości	nietęgość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgości	nietęgość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgości	nietęgość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgościom	nietęgość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgość	nietęgość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęgość	nietęgość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępaccy	nietępacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietępacka	nietępacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietępacką	nietępacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietępacką	nietępacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietępackich	nietępacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietępackich	nietępacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępackich	nietępacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępackiego	nietępacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietępackiego	nietępacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępackiej	nietępacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietępackiej	nietępacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietępackiej	nietępacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietępackiemu	nietępacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępackie	nietępacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępackie	nietępacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępackie	nietępacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietępackie	nietępacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietępackimi	nietępacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępackim	nietępacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępackim	nietępacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępackim	nietępacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępacki	nietępacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietępacki	nietępacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietępacko	nietępacko	adv:pos		
nietępackościach	nietępackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackościami	nietępackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackością	nietępackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackości	nietępackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackości	nietępackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackości	nietępackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackości	nietępackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackości	nietępackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackościom	nietępackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackość	nietępackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępackość	nietępackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawo	nietępawo	adv:pos		
nietępawościach	nietępawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawościami	nietępawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawością	nietępawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawości	nietępawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawości	nietępawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawości	nietępawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawości	nietępawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawości	nietępawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawościom	nietępawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawość	nietępawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawość	nietępawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępawa	nietępawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietępawą	nietępawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietępawą	nietępawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietępawego	nietępawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietępawego	nietępawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępawej	nietępawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietępawej	nietępawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietępawej	nietępawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietępawemu	nietępawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępawe	nietępawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępawe	nietępawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępawe	nietępawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietępawe	nietępawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietępawi	nietępawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietępawych	nietępawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietępawych	nietępawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępawych	nietępawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępawymi	nietępawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępawym	nietępawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępawym	nietępawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępawym	nietępawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępawy	nietępawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietępawy	nietępawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietępicielscy	nietępicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietępicielska	nietępicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietępicielską	nietępicielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietępicielską	nietępicielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietępicielskich	nietępicielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietępicielskich	nietępicielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępicielskich	nietępicielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępicielskiego	nietępicielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietępicielskiego	nietępicielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępicielskiej	nietępicielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietępicielskiej	nietępicielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietępicielskiej	nietępicielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietępicielskiemu	nietępicielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępicielskie	nietępicielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępicielskie	nietępicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępicielskie	nietępicielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietępicielskie	nietępicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietępicielskimi	nietępicielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępicielskim	nietępicielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępicielskim	nietępicielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępicielskim	nietępicielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępicielski	nietępicielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietępicielski	nietępicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietępicielsko	nietępicielsko	adv:pos		
nietępicielskościach	nietępicielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskościami	nietępicielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskością	nietępicielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskości	nietępicielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskości	nietępicielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskości	nietępicielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskości	nietępicielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskości	nietępicielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskościom	nietępicielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskość	nietępicielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępicielskość	nietępicielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępo	nietępo	adv:pos		
nietępogłowościach	nietępogłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowościami	nietępogłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowością	nietępogłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowości	nietępogłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowości	nietępogłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowości	nietępogłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowości	nietępogłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowości	nietępogłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowościom	nietępogłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowość	nietępogłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowość	nietępogłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępogłowa	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietępogłową	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietępogłową	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietępogłowego	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietępogłowego	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępogłowej	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietępogłowej	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietępogłowej	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietępogłowemu	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępogłowe	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępogłowe	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępogłowe	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietępogłowe	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietępogłowi	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietępogłowych	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietępogłowych	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępogłowych	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępogłowymi	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępogłowym	nietępogłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępogłowym	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępogłowym	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępogłowy	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietępogłowy	nietępogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietępościach	nietępość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępościami	nietępość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępością	nietępość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępości	nietępość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępości	nietępość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępości	nietępość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępości	nietępość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępości	nietępość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępościom	nietępość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępość	nietępość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępość	nietępość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietępa	nietępy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietępą	nietępy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietępą	nietępy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietępego	nietępy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietępego	nietępy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępej	nietępy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietępej	nietępy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietępej	nietępy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietępemu	nietępy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępe	nietępy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępe	nietępy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępe	nietępy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietępe	nietępy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietępi	nietępy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietępych	nietępy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietępych	nietępy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępych	nietępy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępymi	nietępy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępym	nietępy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietępym	nietępy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępym	nietępy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietępy	nietępy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietępy	nietępy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęskliwie	nietęskliwie	adv:pos		
nietęskliwościach	nietęskliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwościami	nietęskliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwością	nietęskliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwości	nietęskliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwości	nietęskliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwości	nietęskliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwości	nietęskliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwości	nietęskliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwościom	nietęskliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwość	nietęskliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwość	nietęskliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskliwa	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęskliwą	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęskliwą	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęskliwego	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęskliwego	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęskliwej	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęskliwej	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęskliwej	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęskliwemu	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęskliwe	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskliwe	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskliwe	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęskliwe	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęskliwi	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęskliwych	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęskliwych	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskliwych	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskliwymi	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskliwym	nietęskliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskliwym	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęskliwym	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęskliwy	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęskliwy	nietęskliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietęsknie	nietęsknie	adv:pos		
nietęskno	nietęskno	adv:pos		
nietęsknościach	nietęskność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęsknościami	nietęskność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęsknością	nietęskność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskności	nietęskność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskności	nietęskność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskności	nietęskność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskności	nietęskność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskności	nietęskność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęsknościom	nietęskność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskność	nietęskność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskność	nietęskność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietęskna	nietęskny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietęskną	nietęskny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietęskną	nietęskny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietęsknego	nietęskny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietęsknego	nietęskny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęsknej	nietęskny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietęsknej	nietęskny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietęsknej	nietęskny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietęsknemu	nietęskny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęskne	nietęskny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskne	nietęskny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęskne	nietęskny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietęskne	nietęskny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietęskni	nietęskny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietęsknych	nietęskny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietęsknych	nietęskny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęsknych	nietęskny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęsknymi	nietęskny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęsknym	nietęskny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietęsknym	nietęskny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęsknym	nietęskny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietęskny	nietęskny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietęskny	nietęskny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietętniczościach	nietętniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczościami	nietętniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczością	nietętniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczości	nietętniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczości	nietętniczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczości	nietętniczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczości	nietętniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczości	nietętniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczościom	nietętniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczość	nietętniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętniczość	nietętniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietętnicza	nietętniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietętniczą	nietętniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietętniczą	nietętniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietętniczego	nietętniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietętniczego	nietętniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietętniczej	nietętniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietętniczej	nietętniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietętniczej	nietętniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietętniczemu	nietętniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietętnicze	nietętniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietętnicze	nietętniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietętnicze	nietętniczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietętnicze	nietętniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietętniczych	nietętniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietętniczych	nietętniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietętniczych	nietętniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietętniczymi	nietętniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietętniczym	nietętniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietętniczym	nietętniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietętniczym	nietętniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietętniczy	nietętniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietętniczy	nietętniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietętniczy	nietętniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietężcowościach	nietężcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowościami	nietężcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowością	nietężcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowości	nietężcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowości	nietężcowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowości	nietężcowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowości	nietężcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowości	nietężcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowościom	nietężcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowość	nietężcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowość	nietężcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietężcowa	nietężcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietężcową	nietężcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietężcową	nietężcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietężcowego	nietężcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietężcowego	nietężcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietężcowej	nietężcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietężcowej	nietężcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietężcowej	nietężcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietężcowemu	nietężcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietężcowe	nietężcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietężcowe	nietężcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietężcowe	nietężcowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietężcowe	nietężcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietężcowi	nietężcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietężcowych	nietężcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietężcowych	nietężcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietężcowych	nietężcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietężcowymi	nietężcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietężcowym	nietężcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietężcowym	nietężcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietężcowym	nietężcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietężcowy	nietężcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietężcowy	nietężcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
niethatcherystowscy	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
niethatcherystowska	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
niethatcherystowską	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
niethatcherystowską	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
niethatcherystowskich	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
niethatcherystowskich	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskich	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskiego	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
niethatcherystowskiego	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskiej	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
niethatcherystowskiej	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
niethatcherystowskiej	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
niethatcherystowskiemu	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskie	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskie	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskie	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
niethatcherystowskie	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
niethatcherystowskimi	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskim	niethatcherystowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskim	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethatcherystowskim	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethatcherystowski	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
niethatcherystowski	niethatcherystowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
niethrashmetalowa	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
niethrashmetalową	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
niethrashmetalową	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
niethrashmetalowego	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
niethrashmetalowego	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowej	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
niethrashmetalowej	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
niethrashmetalowej	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
niethrashmetalowemu	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowe	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowe	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowe	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
niethrashmetalowe	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
niethrashmetalowi	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
niethrashmetalowych	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
niethrashmetalowych	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowych	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowymi	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowym	niethrashmetalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowym	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowym	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
niethrashmetalowy	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
niethrashmetalowy	niethrashmetalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietien-szańscy	nietien-szański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietien-szańska	nietien-szański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietien-szańską	nietien-szański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietien-szańską	nietien-szański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietien-szańskich	nietien-szański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietien-szańskich	nietien-szański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietien-szańskich	nietien-szański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietien-szańskiego	nietien-szański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietien-szańskiego	nietien-szański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietien-szańskiej	nietien-szański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietien-szańskiej	nietien-szański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietien-szańskiej	nietien-szański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietien-szańskiemu	nietien-szański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietien-szańskie	nietien-szański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietien-szańskie	nietien-szański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietien-szańskie	nietien-szański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietien-szańskie	nietien-szański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietien-szańskimi	nietien-szański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietien-szańskim	nietien-szański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietien-szańskim	nietien-szański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietien-szańskim	nietien-szański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietien-szański	nietien-szański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietien-szański	nietien-szański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietien-szańsko	nietien-szańsko	adv:pos		
nietien-szańskościach	nietien-szańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskościami	nietien-szańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskością	nietien-szańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskości	nietien-szańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskości	nietien-szańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskości	nietien-szańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskości	nietien-szańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskości	nietien-szańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskościom	nietien-szańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskość	nietien-szańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietien-szańskość	nietien-szańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorscy	nietimorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietimorska	nietimorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietimorską	nietimorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietimorską	nietimorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietimorskich	nietimorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietimorskich	nietimorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietimorskich	nietimorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietimorskiego	nietimorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietimorskiego	nietimorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietimorskiej	nietimorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietimorskiej	nietimorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietimorskiej	nietimorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietimorskiemu	nietimorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietimorskie	nietimorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietimorskie	nietimorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietimorskie	nietimorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietimorskie	nietimorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietimorskimi	nietimorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietimorskim	nietimorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietimorskim	nietimorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietimorskim	nietimorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietimorski	nietimorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietimorski	nietimorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietimorsko	nietimorsko	adv:pos		
nietimorskościach	nietimorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskościami	nietimorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskością	nietimorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskości	nietimorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskości	nietimorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskości	nietimorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskości	nietimorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskości	nietimorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskościom	nietimorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskość	nietimorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietimorskość	nietimorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańscy	nietirański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietirańska	nietirański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietirańską	nietirański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietirańską	nietirański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietirańskich	nietirański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietirańskich	nietirański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirańskich	nietirański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirańskiego	nietirański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietirańskiego	nietirański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirańskiej	nietirański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietirańskiej	nietirański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietirańskiej	nietirański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietirańskiemu	nietirański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirańskie	nietirański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirańskie	nietirański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirańskie	nietirański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietirańskie	nietirański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietirańskimi	nietirański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirańskim	nietirański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirańskim	nietirański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirańskim	nietirański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirański	nietirański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietirański	nietirański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietirańsko	nietirańsko	adv:pos		
nietirańskościach	nietirańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskościami	nietirańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskością	nietirańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskości	nietirańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskości	nietirańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskości	nietirańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskości	nietirańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskości	nietirańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskościom	nietirańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskość	nietirańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirańskość	nietirańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietirowa	nietirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietirową	nietirowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietirową	nietirowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietirowego	nietirowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietirowego	nietirowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirowej	nietirowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietirowej	nietirowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietirowej	nietirowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietirowemu	nietirowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirowe	nietirowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirowe	nietirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirowe	nietirowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietirowe	nietirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietirowi	nietirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietirowych	nietirowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietirowych	nietirowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirowych	nietirowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirowymi	nietirowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirowym	nietirowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietirowym	nietirowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirowym	nietirowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietirowy	nietirowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietirowy	nietirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietiulowościach	nietiulowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowościami	nietiulowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowością	nietiulowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowości	nietiulowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowości	nietiulowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowości	nietiulowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowości	nietiulowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowości	nietiulowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowościom	nietiulowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowość	nietiulowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowość	nietiulowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietiulowa	nietiulowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietiulową	nietiulowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietiulową	nietiulowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietiulowego	nietiulowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietiulowego	nietiulowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietiulowej	nietiulowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietiulowej	nietiulowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietiulowej	nietiulowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietiulowemu	nietiulowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietiulowe	nietiulowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietiulowe	nietiulowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietiulowe	nietiulowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietiulowe	nietiulowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietiulowi	nietiulowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietiulowych	nietiulowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietiulowych	nietiulowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietiulowych	nietiulowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietiulowymi	nietiulowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietiulowym	nietiulowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietiulowym	nietiulowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietiulowym	nietiulowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietiulowy	nietiulowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietiulowy	nietiulowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietkaccy	nietkacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietkacka	nietkacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietkacką	nietkacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietkacką	nietkacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietkackich	nietkacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietkackich	nietkacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkackich	nietkacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkackiego	nietkacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietkackiego	nietkacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkackiej	nietkacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietkackiej	nietkacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietkackiej	nietkacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietkackiemu	nietkacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkackie	nietkacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkackie	nietkacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkackie	nietkacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietkackie	nietkacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietkackimi	nietkacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkackim	nietkacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkackim	nietkacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkackim	nietkacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkacki	nietkacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietkacki	nietkacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietkacko	nietkacko	adv:pos		
nietkackościach	nietkackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackościami	nietkackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackością	nietkackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackości	nietkackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackości	nietkackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackości	nietkackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackości	nietkackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackości	nietkackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackościom	nietkackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackość	nietkackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkackość	nietkackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowscy	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietkaczowska	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietkaczowską	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietkaczowską	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietkaczowskich	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietkaczowskich	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaczowskich	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaczowskiego	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietkaczowskiego	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaczowskiej	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietkaczowskiej	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietkaczowskiej	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietkaczowskiemu	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaczowskie	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaczowskie	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaczowskie	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietkaczowskie	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietkaczowskimi	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaczowskim	nietkaczowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaczowskim	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaczowskim	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaczowski	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietkaczowski	nietkaczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietkaczowsko	nietkaczowsko	adv:pos		
nietkaczowskościach	nietkaczowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskościami	nietkaczowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskością	nietkaczowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskości	nietkaczowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskości	nietkaczowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskości	nietkaczowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskości	nietkaczowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskości	nietkaczowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskościom	nietkaczowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskość	nietkaczowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaczowskość	nietkaczowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowościach	nietkaninowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowościami	nietkaninowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowością	nietkaninowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowości	nietkaninowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowości	nietkaninowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowości	nietkaninowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowości	nietkaninowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowości	nietkaninowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowościom	nietkaninowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowość	nietkaninowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowość	nietkaninowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkaninowa	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietkaninową	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietkaninową	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietkaninowego	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietkaninowego	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaninowej	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietkaninowej	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietkaninowej	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietkaninowemu	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaninowe	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaninowe	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaninowe	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietkaninowe	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietkaninowi	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietkaninowych	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietkaninowych	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaninowych	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaninowymi	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaninowym	nietkaninowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkaninowym	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaninowym	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkaninowy	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietkaninowy	nietkaninowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietkankowościach	nietkankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowościami	nietkankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowością	nietkankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowości	nietkankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowości	nietkankowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowości	nietkankowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowości	nietkankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowości	nietkankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowościom	nietkankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowość	nietkankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowość	nietkankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkankowa	nietkankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietkankową	nietkankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietkankową	nietkankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietkankowego	nietkankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietkankowego	nietkankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkankowej	nietkankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietkankowej	nietkankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietkankowej	nietkankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietkankowemu	nietkankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkankowe	nietkankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkankowe	nietkankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkankowe	nietkankowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietkankowe	nietkankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietkankowi	nietkankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietkankowych	nietkankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietkankowych	nietkankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkankowych	nietkankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkankowymi	nietkankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkankowym	nietkankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkankowym	nietkankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkankowym	nietkankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkankowy	nietkankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietkankowy	nietkankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietkliwie	nietkliwie	adv:pos		
nietkliwo	nietkliwo	adv:pos		
nietkliwościach	nietkliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwościami	nietkliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwością	nietkliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwości	nietkliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwości	nietkliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwości	nietkliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwości	nietkliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwości	nietkliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwościom	nietkliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwość	nietkliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwość	nietkliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkliwa	nietkliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietkliwą	nietkliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietkliwą	nietkliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietkliwego	nietkliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietkliwego	nietkliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkliwej	nietkliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietkliwej	nietkliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietkliwej	nietkliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietkliwemu	nietkliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkliwe	nietkliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkliwe	nietkliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkliwe	nietkliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietkliwe	nietkliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietkliwi	nietkliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietkliwych	nietkliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietkliwych	nietkliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkliwych	nietkliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkliwymi	nietkliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkliwym	nietkliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkliwym	nietkliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkliwym	nietkliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkliwy	nietkliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietkliwy	nietkliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietkniętościach	nietkniętość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętościami	nietkniętość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętością	nietkniętość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętości	nietkniętość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętości	nietkniętość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętości	nietkniętość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętości	nietkniętość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętości	nietkniętość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętościom	nietkniętość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętość	nietkniętość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietkniętość	nietkniętość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietknięci	nietknięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietknięta	nietknięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietkniętą	nietknięty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietkniętą	nietknięty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietkniętego	nietknięty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietkniętego	nietknięty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkniętej	nietknięty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietkniętej	nietknięty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietkniętej	nietknięty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietkniętemu	nietknięty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietknięte	nietknięty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietknięte	nietknięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietknięte	nietknięty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietknięte	nietknięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietknięto	nietknięty	adja		
nietkniętych	nietknięty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietkniętych	nietknięty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkniętych	nietknięty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkniętymi	nietknięty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkniętym	nietknięty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietkniętym	nietknięty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietkniętym	nietknięty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietknięty	nietknięty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietknięty	nietknięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietknionościach	nietknioność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknionościami	nietknioność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknionością	nietknioność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknioności	nietknioność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknioności	nietknioność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknioności	nietknioność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknioności	nietknioność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknioności	nietknioność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknionościom	nietknioność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknioność	nietknioność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknioność	nietknioność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietknieni	nietkniony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
nietkniona	nietkniony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
nietknioną	nietkniony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
nietknioną	nietkniony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
nietknionego	nietkniony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
nietknionego	nietkniony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nietknionej	nietkniony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
nietknionej	nietkniony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
nietknionej	nietkniony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
nietknionemu	nietkniony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nietknione	nietkniony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nietknione	nietkniony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nietknione	nietkniony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
nietknione	nietkniony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
nietkniono	nietkniony	adja		daw.
nietknionych	nietkniony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
nietknionych	nietkniony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nietknionych	nietkniony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nietknionymi	nietkniony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nietknionym	nietkniony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nietknionym	nietkniony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nietknionym	nietkniony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nietkniony	nietkniony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
nietkniony	nietkniony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
nietlenkowościach	nietlenkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowościami	nietlenkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowością	nietlenkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowości	nietlenkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowości	nietlenkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowości	nietlenkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowości	nietlenkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowości	nietlenkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowościom	nietlenkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowość	nietlenkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowość	nietlenkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenkowa	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietlenkową	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietlenkową	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietlenkowego	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietlenkowego	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenkowej	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietlenkowej	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietlenkowej	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietlenkowemu	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenkowe	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenkowe	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenkowe	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietlenkowe	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietlenkowi	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietlenkowych	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietlenkowych	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenkowych	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenkowymi	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenkowym	nietlenkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenkowym	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenkowym	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenkowy	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietlenkowy	nietlenkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietlenowo	nietlenowo	adv:pos		
nietlenowodorowościach	nietlenowodorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowościami	nietlenowodorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowością	nietlenowodorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowości	nietlenowodorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowości	nietlenowodorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowości	nietlenowodorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowości	nietlenowodorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowości	nietlenowodorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowościom	nietlenowodorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowość	nietlenowodorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowość	nietlenowodorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowodorowa	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietlenowodorową	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietlenowodorową	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietlenowodorowego	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietlenowodorowego	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowej	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietlenowodorowej	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietlenowodorowej	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietlenowodorowemu	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowe	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowe	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowe	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietlenowodorowe	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietlenowodorowi	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietlenowodorowych	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietlenowodorowych	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowych	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowymi	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowym	nietlenowodorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowym	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowym	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowodorowy	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietlenowodorowy	nietlenowodorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietlenowościach	nietlenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowościami	nietlenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowością	nietlenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowości	nietlenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowości	nietlenowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowości	nietlenowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowości	nietlenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowości	nietlenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowościom	nietlenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowość	nietlenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowość	nietlenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietlenowa	nietlenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietlenową	nietlenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietlenową	nietlenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietlenowego	nietlenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietlenowego	nietlenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowej	nietlenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietlenowej	nietlenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietlenowej	nietlenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietlenowemu	nietlenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowe	nietlenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowe	nietlenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowe	nietlenowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietlenowe	nietlenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietlenowi	nietlenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietlenowych	nietlenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietlenowych	nietlenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowych	nietlenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowymi	nietlenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowym	nietlenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietlenowym	nietlenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowym	nietlenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietlenowy	nietlenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietlenowy	nietlenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłocząco	nietłocząco	adv:pos		
nietłocząca	nietłoczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłoczącą	nietłoczący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłoczącą	nietłoczący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłoczącego	nietłoczący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłoczącego	nietłoczący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczącej	nietłoczący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłoczącej	nietłoczący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłoczącej	nietłoczący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłoczącemu	nietłoczący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczące	nietłoczący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczące	nietłoczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczące	nietłoczący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłoczące	nietłoczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłoczących	nietłoczący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłoczących	nietłoczący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczących	nietłoczący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczącymi	nietłoczący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczącym	nietłoczący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczącym	nietłoczący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczącym	nietłoczący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczący	nietłoczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłoczący	nietłoczący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłoczący	nietłoczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłoczkowościach	nietłoczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowościami	nietłoczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowością	nietłoczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowości	nietłoczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowości	nietłoczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowości	nietłoczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowości	nietłoczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowości	nietłoczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowościom	nietłoczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowość	nietłoczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowość	nietłoczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczkowa	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłoczkową	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłoczkową	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłoczkowego	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłoczkowego	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczkowej	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłoczkowej	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłoczkowej	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłoczkowemu	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczkowe	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczkowe	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczkowe	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłoczkowe	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłoczkowi	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłoczkowych	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłoczkowych	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczkowych	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczkowymi	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczkowym	nietłoczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczkowym	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczkowym	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczkowy	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłoczkowy	nietłoczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłoczliwościach	nietłoczliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwościami	nietłoczliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwością	nietłoczliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwości	nietłoczliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwości	nietłoczliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwości	nietłoczliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwości	nietłoczliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwości	nietłoczliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwościom	nietłoczliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwość	nietłoczliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwość	nietłoczliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczliwa	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłoczliwą	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłoczliwą	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłoczliwego	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłoczliwego	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczliwej	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłoczliwej	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłoczliwej	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłoczliwemu	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczliwe	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczliwe	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczliwe	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłoczliwe	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłoczliwi	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłoczliwych	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłoczliwych	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczliwych	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczliwymi	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczliwym	nietłoczliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczliwym	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczliwym	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczliwy	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłoczliwy	nietłoczliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłocznie	nietłocznie	adv:pos		
nietłoczniowościach	nietłoczniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowościami	nietłoczniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowością	nietłoczniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowości	nietłoczniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowości	nietłoczniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowości	nietłoczniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowości	nietłoczniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowości	nietłoczniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowościom	nietłoczniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowość	nietłoczniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowość	nietłoczniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczniowa	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłoczniową	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłoczniową	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłoczniowego	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłoczniowego	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczniowej	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłoczniowej	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłoczniowej	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłoczniowemu	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczniowe	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczniowe	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczniowe	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłoczniowe	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłoczniowi	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłoczniowych	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłoczniowych	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczniowych	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczniowymi	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczniowym	nietłoczniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczniowym	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczniowym	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczniowy	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłoczniowy	nietłoczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłoczno	nietłoczno	adv:pos		
nietłocznościach	nietłoczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłocznościami	nietłoczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłocznością	nietłoczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczności	nietłoczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczności	nietłoczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczności	nietłoczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczności	nietłoczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczności	nietłoczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłocznościom	nietłoczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczność	nietłoczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczność	nietłoczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłoczna	nietłoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłoczną	nietłoczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłoczną	nietłoczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłocznego	nietłoczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłocznego	nietłoczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłocznej	nietłoczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłocznej	nietłoczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłocznej	nietłoczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłocznemu	nietłoczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczne	nietłoczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczne	nietłoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłoczne	nietłoczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłoczne	nietłoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłoczni	nietłoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłocznych	nietłoczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłocznych	nietłoczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłocznych	nietłoczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłocznymi	nietłoczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłocznym	nietłoczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłocznym	nietłoczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłocznym	nietłoczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłoczny	nietłoczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłoczny	nietłoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłokowościach	nietłokowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowościami	nietłokowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowością	nietłokowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowości	nietłokowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowości	nietłokowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowości	nietłokowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowości	nietłokowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowości	nietłokowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowościom	nietłokowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowość	nietłokowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowość	nietłokowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłokowa	nietłokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłokową	nietłokowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłokową	nietłokowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłokowego	nietłokowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłokowego	nietłokowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłokowej	nietłokowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłokowej	nietłokowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłokowej	nietłokowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłokowemu	nietłokowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłokowe	nietłokowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłokowe	nietłokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłokowe	nietłokowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłokowe	nietłokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłokowi	nietłokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłokowych	nietłokowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłokowych	nietłokowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłokowych	nietłokowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłokowymi	nietłokowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłokowym	nietłokowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłokowym	nietłokowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłokowym	nietłokowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłokowy	nietłokowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłokowy	nietłokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuchowscy	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuchowska	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuchowską	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuchowską	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuchowskich	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuchowskich	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuchowskich	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuchowskiego	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuchowskiego	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuchowskiej	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuchowskiej	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuchowskiej	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuchowskiemu	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuchowskie	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuchowskie	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuchowskie	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuchowskie	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuchowskimi	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuchowskim	nietłuchowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuchowskim	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuchowskim	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuchowski	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuchowski	nietłuchowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuchowsko	nietłuchowsko	adv:pos		
nietłuchowskościach	nietłuchowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskościami	nietłuchowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskością	nietłuchowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskości	nietłuchowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskości	nietłuchowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskości	nietłuchowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskości	nietłuchowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskości	nietłuchowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskościom	nietłuchowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskość	nietłuchowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuchowskość	nietłuchowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowościach	nietłuczniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowościami	nietłuczniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowością	nietłuczniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowości	nietłuczniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowości	nietłuczniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowości	nietłuczniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowości	nietłuczniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowości	nietłuczniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowościom	nietłuczniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowość	nietłuczniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowość	nietłuczniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuczniowa	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuczniową	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuczniową	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuczniowego	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuczniowego	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuczniowej	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuczniowej	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuczniowej	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuczniowemu	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuczniowe	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuczniowe	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuczniowe	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuczniowe	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuczniowi	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuczniowych	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuczniowych	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuczniowych	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuczniowymi	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuczniowym	nietłuczniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuczniowym	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuczniowym	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuczniowy	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuczniowy	nietłuczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłukąca	nietłukący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłukącą	nietłukący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłukącą	nietłukący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłukącego	nietłukący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłukącego	nietłukący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukącej	nietłukący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłukącej	nietłukący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłukącej	nietłukący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłukącemu	nietłukący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukące	nietłukący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukące	nietłukący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukące	nietłukący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłukące	nietłukący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłukąco	nietłukący	adja		
nietłukących	nietłukący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłukących	nietłukący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukących	nietłukący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukącymi	nietłukący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukącym	nietłukący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukącym	nietłukący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukącym	nietłukący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukący	nietłukący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłukący	nietłukący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłukący	nietłukący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłukliwościach	nietłukliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwościami	nietłukliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwością	nietłukliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwości	nietłukliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwości	nietłukliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwości	nietłukliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwości	nietłukliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwości	nietłukliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwościom	nietłukliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwość	nietłukliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwość	nietłukliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłukliwa	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłukliwą	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłukliwą	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłukliwego	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłukliwego	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukliwej	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłukliwej	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłukliwej	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłukliwemu	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukliwe	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukliwe	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukliwe	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłukliwe	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłukliwi	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłukliwych	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłukliwych	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukliwych	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukliwymi	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukliwym	nietłukliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłukliwym	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukliwym	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłukliwy	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłukliwy	nietłukliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłumaczeniowościach	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowościami	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowością	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowości	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowości	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowości	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowości	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowości	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowościom	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowość	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowość	nietłumaczeniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumaczeniowa	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłumaczeniową	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłumaczeniową	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłumaczeniowego	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłumaczeniowego	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowej	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłumaczeniowej	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłumaczeniowej	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłumaczeniowemu	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowe	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowe	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowe	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowe	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowi	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłumaczeniowych	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłumaczeniowych	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowych	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowymi	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowym	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowym	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowym	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumaczeniowy	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłumaczeniowy	nietłumaczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłumiąco	nietłumiąco	adv:pos		
nietłumiącościach	nietłumiącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącościami	nietłumiącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącością	nietłumiącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącości	nietłumiącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącości	nietłumiącość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącości	nietłumiącość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącości	nietłumiącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącości	nietłumiącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącościom	nietłumiącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącość	nietłumiącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiącość	nietłumiącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumiąca	nietłumiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłumiącą	nietłumiący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłumiącą	nietłumiący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłumiącego	nietłumiący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłumiącego	nietłumiący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumiącej	nietłumiący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłumiącej	nietłumiący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłumiącej	nietłumiący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłumiącemu	nietłumiący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumiące	nietłumiący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumiące	nietłumiący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumiące	nietłumiący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłumiące	nietłumiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłumiących	nietłumiący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłumiących	nietłumiący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumiących	nietłumiący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumiącymi	nietłumiący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumiącym	nietłumiący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumiącym	nietłumiący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumiącym	nietłumiący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumiący	nietłumiący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłumiący	nietłumiący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłumiący	nietłumiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłumliwie	nietłumliwie	adv:pos		
nietłumliwościach	nietłumliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwościami	nietłumliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwością	nietłumliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwości	nietłumliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwości	nietłumliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwości	nietłumliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwości	nietłumliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwości	nietłumliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwościom	nietłumliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwość	nietłumliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwość	nietłumliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumliwa	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłumliwą	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłumliwą	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłumliwego	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłumliwego	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumliwej	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłumliwej	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłumliwej	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłumliwemu	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumliwe	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumliwe	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumliwe	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłumliwe	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłumliwi	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłumliwych	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłumliwych	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumliwych	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumliwymi	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumliwym	nietłumliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumliwym	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumliwym	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumliwy	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłumliwy	nietłumliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłumnie	nietłumnie	adv:pos		
nietłumno	nietłumno	adv:pos		
nietłumnościach	nietłumność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumnościami	nietłumność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumnością	nietłumność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumności	nietłumność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumności	nietłumność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumności	nietłumność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumności	nietłumność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumności	nietłumność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumnościom	nietłumność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumność	nietłumność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumność	nietłumność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłumna	nietłumny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłumną	nietłumny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłumną	nietłumny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłumnego	nietłumny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłumnego	nietłumny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumnej	nietłumny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłumnej	nietłumny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłumnej	nietłumny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłumnemu	nietłumny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumne	nietłumny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumne	nietłumny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumne	nietłumny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłumne	nietłumny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłumni	nietłumny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłumnych	nietłumny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłumnych	nietłumny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumnych	nietłumny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumnymi	nietłumny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumnym	nietłumny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłumnym	nietłumny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumnym	nietłumny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłumny	nietłumny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłumny	nietłumny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłustawościach	nietłustawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawościami	nietłustawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawością	nietłustawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawości	nietłustawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawości	nietłustawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawości	nietłustawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawości	nietłustawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawości	nietłustawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawościom	nietłustawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawość	nietłustawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawość	nietłustawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustawa	nietłustawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłustawą	nietłustawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłustawą	nietłustawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłustawego	nietłustawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłustawego	nietłustawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustawej	nietłustawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłustawej	nietłustawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłustawej	nietłustawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłustawemu	nietłustawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustawe	nietłustawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustawe	nietłustawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustawe	nietłustawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłustawe	nietłustawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłustawi	nietłustawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłustawych	nietłustawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłustawych	nietłustawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustawych	nietłustawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustawymi	nietłustawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustawym	nietłustawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustawym	nietłustawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustawym	nietłustawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustawy	nietłustawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłustawy	nietłustawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłusto	nietłusto	adv:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowościach	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowościami	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowością	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowości	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowości	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowości	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowości	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowości	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowościom	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowość	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowość	nietłustoczwartkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoczwartkowa	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłustoczwartkową	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłustoczwartkową	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowego	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowego	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowej	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowej	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowej	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowemu	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowe	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowe	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowe	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowe	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowi	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowych	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowych	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowych	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowymi	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowym	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowym	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowym	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowy	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłustoczwartkowy	nietłustoczwartkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłustoszowatościach	nietłustoszowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatościami	nietłustoszowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatością	nietłustoszowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatości	nietłustoszowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatości	nietłustoszowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatości	nietłustoszowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatości	nietłustoszowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatości	nietłustoszowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatościom	nietłustoszowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatość	nietłustoszowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowatość	nietłustoszowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustoszowaci	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłustoszowata	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłustoszowatą	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłustoszowatą	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłustoszowatego	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłustoszowatego	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoszowatej	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłustoszowatej	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłustoszowatej	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłustoszowatemu	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoszowate	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoszowate	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoszowate	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłustoszowate	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłustoszowatych	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłustoszowatych	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoszowatych	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoszowatymi	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoszowatym	nietłustoszowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustoszowatym	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoszowatym	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustoszowaty	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłustoszowaty	nietłustoszowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłustościach	nietłustość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustościami	nietłustość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustością	nietłustość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustości	nietłustość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustości	nietłustość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustości	nietłustość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustości	nietłustość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustości	nietłustość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustościom	nietłustość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustość	nietłustość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłustość	nietłustość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłusta	nietłusty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłustą	nietłusty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłustą	nietłusty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłustego	nietłusty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłustego	nietłusty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustej	nietłusty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłustej	nietłusty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłustej	nietłusty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłustemu	nietłusty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuste	nietłusty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuste	nietłusty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuste	nietłusty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuste	nietłusty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłustych	nietłusty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłustych	nietłusty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustych	nietłusty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustymi	nietłusty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustym	nietłusty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłustym	nietłusty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłustym	nietłusty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłusty	nietłusty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłusty	nietłusty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuści	nietłusty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuszczańscy	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuszczańska	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuszczańską	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuszczańską	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuszczańskich	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuszczańskich	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskich	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskiego	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuszczańskiego	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskiej	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuszczańskiej	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuszczańskiej	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuszczańskiemu	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskie	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskie	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskie	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuszczańskie	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuszczańskimi	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskim	nietłuszczański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskim	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczańskim	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczański	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuszczański	nietłuszczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuszczańsko	nietłuszczańsko	adv:pos		
nietłuszczańskościach	nietłuszczańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskościami	nietłuszczańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskością	nietłuszczańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskości	nietłuszczańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskości	nietłuszczańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskości	nietłuszczańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskości	nietłuszczańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskości	nietłuszczańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskościom	nietłuszczańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskość	nietłuszczańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczańskość	nietłuszczańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowościach	nietłuszczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowościami	nietłuszczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowością	nietłuszczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowości	nietłuszczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowości	nietłuszczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowości	nietłuszczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowości	nietłuszczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowości	nietłuszczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowościom	nietłuszczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowość	nietłuszczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowość	nietłuszczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuszczowa	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuszczową	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuszczową	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuszczowego	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuszczowego	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczowej	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuszczowej	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuszczowej	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuszczowemu	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczowe	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczowe	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczowe	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuszczowe	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuszczowi	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuszczowych	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuszczowych	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczowych	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczowymi	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczowym	nietłuszczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuszczowym	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczowym	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuszczowy	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuszczowy	nietłuszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuścieńcy	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuścieńka	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuścieńką	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuścieńką	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuścieńkich	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuścieńkich	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkich	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkiego	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuścieńkiego	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkiej	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuścieńkiej	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuścieńkiej	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuścieńkiemu	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkie	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkie	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkie	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuścieńkie	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuścieńkimi	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkim	nietłuścieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkim	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuścieńkim	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuścieńki	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuścieńki	nietłuścieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuścieńkościach	nietłuścieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkościami	nietłuścieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkością	nietłuścieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkości	nietłuścieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkości	nietłuścieńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkości	nietłuścieńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkości	nietłuścieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkości	nietłuścieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkościom	nietłuścieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkość	nietłuścieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuścieńkość	nietłuścieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchnościach	nietłuściuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchnościami	nietłuściuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchnością	nietłuściuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchności	nietłuściuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchności	nietłuściuchność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchności	nietłuściuchność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchności	nietłuściuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchności	nietłuściuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchnościom	nietłuściuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchność	nietłuściuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchność	nietłuściuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuchna	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuściuchną	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuściuchną	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuściuchnego	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuściuchnego	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuchnej	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuściuchnej	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuściuchnej	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuściuchnemu	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuchne	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuchne	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuchne	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuściuchne	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuściuchni	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuściuchnych	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuściuchnych	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuchnych	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuchnymi	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuchnym	nietłuściuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuchnym	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuchnym	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuchny	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuściuchny	nietłuściuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuściuteńcy	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuściuteńka	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuściuteńką	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuściuteńką	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuściuteńkich	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuściuteńkich	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkich	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkiego	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuściuteńkiego	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkiej	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuściuteńkiej	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuściuteńkiej	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuściuteńkiemu	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkie	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkie	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkie	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkie	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkimi	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkim	nietłuściuteńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkim	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńkim	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściuteńki	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuściuteńki	nietłuściuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuściuteńko	nietłuściuteńko	adv:pos		
nietłuściuteńkościach	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkościami	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkością	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkości	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkości	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkości	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkości	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkości	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkościom	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkość	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściuteńkość	nietłuściuteńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutcy	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietłuściutka	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietłuściutką	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietłuściutką	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietłuściutkich	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietłuściutkich	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściutkich	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściutkiego	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietłuściutkiego	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściutkiej	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietłuściutkiej	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietłuściutkiej	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietłuściutkiemu	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściutkie	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściutkie	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściutkie	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietłuściutkie	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietłuściutkimi	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściutkim	nietłuściutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietłuściutkim	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściutkim	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietłuściutki	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietłuściutki	nietłuściutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietłuściutko	nietłuściutko	adv:pos		
nietłuściutkościach	nietłuściutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkościami	nietłuściutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkością	nietłuściutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkości	nietłuściutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkości	nietłuściutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkości	nietłuściutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkości	nietłuściutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkości	nietłuściutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkościom	nietłuściutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkość	nietłuściutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietłuściutkość	nietłuściutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowościach	nietoaletowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowościami	nietoaletowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowością	nietoaletowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowości	nietoaletowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowości	nietoaletowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowości	nietoaletowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowości	nietoaletowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowości	nietoaletowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowościom	nietoaletowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowość	nietoaletowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowość	nietoaletowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoaletowa	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoaletową	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoaletową	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoaletowego	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoaletowego	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoaletowej	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoaletowej	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoaletowej	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoaletowemu	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoaletowe	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoaletowe	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoaletowe	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoaletowe	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoaletowi	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoaletowych	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoaletowych	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoaletowych	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoaletowymi	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoaletowym	nietoaletowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoaletowym	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoaletowym	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoaletowy	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoaletowy	nietoaletowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoastowościach	nietoastowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowościami	nietoastowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowością	nietoastowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowości	nietoastowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowości	nietoastowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowości	nietoastowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowości	nietoastowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowości	nietoastowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowościom	nietoastowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowość	nietoastowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowość	nietoastowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoastowa	nietoastowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoastową	nietoastowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoastową	nietoastowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoastowego	nietoastowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoastowego	nietoastowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoastowej	nietoastowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoastowej	nietoastowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoastowej	nietoastowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoastowemu	nietoastowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoastowe	nietoastowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoastowe	nietoastowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoastowe	nietoastowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoastowe	nietoastowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoastowi	nietoastowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoastowych	nietoastowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoastowych	nietoastowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoastowych	nietoastowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoastowymi	nietoastowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoastowym	nietoastowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoastowym	nietoastowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoastowym	nietoastowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoastowy	nietoastowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoastowy	nietoastowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietobagijscy	nietobagijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietobagijska	nietobagijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietobagijską	nietobagijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietobagijską	nietobagijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietobagijskich	nietobagijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietobagijskich	nietobagijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobagijskich	nietobagijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobagijskiego	nietobagijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietobagijskiego	nietobagijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobagijskiej	nietobagijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietobagijskiej	nietobagijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietobagijskiej	nietobagijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietobagijskiemu	nietobagijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobagijskie	nietobagijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobagijskie	nietobagijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobagijskie	nietobagijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietobagijskie	nietobagijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietobagijskimi	nietobagijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobagijskim	nietobagijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobagijskim	nietobagijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobagijskim	nietobagijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobagijski	nietobagijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietobagijski	nietobagijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietobagijsko	nietobagijsko	adv:pos		
nietobagijskościach	nietobagijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskościami	nietobagijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskością	nietobagijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskości	nietobagijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskości	nietobagijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskości	nietobagijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskości	nietobagijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskości	nietobagijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskościom	nietobagijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskość	nietobagijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobagijskość	nietobagijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolscy	nietobolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietobolska	nietobolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietobolską	nietobolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietobolską	nietobolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietobolskich	nietobolski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietobolskich	nietobolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobolskich	nietobolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobolskiego	nietobolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietobolskiego	nietobolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobolskiej	nietobolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietobolskiej	nietobolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietobolskiej	nietobolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietobolskiemu	nietobolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobolskie	nietobolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobolskie	nietobolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobolskie	nietobolski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietobolskie	nietobolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietobolskimi	nietobolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobolskim	nietobolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietobolskim	nietobolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobolskim	nietobolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietobolski	nietobolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietobolski	nietobolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietobolsko	nietobolsko	adv:pos		
nietobolskościach	nietobolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskościami	nietobolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskością	nietobolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskości	nietobolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskości	nietobolskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskości	nietobolskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskości	nietobolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskości	nietobolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskościom	nietobolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskość	nietobolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietobolskość	nietobolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharscy	nietocharski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietocharska	nietocharski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietocharską	nietocharski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietocharską	nietocharski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietocharskich	nietocharski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietocharskich	nietocharski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocharskich	nietocharski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocharskiego	nietocharski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietocharskiego	nietocharski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietocharskiej	nietocharski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietocharskiej	nietocharski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietocharskiej	nietocharski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietocharskiemu	nietocharski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietocharskie	nietocharski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocharskie	nietocharski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocharskie	nietocharski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietocharskie	nietocharski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietocharskimi	nietocharski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocharskim	nietocharski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocharskim	nietocharski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietocharskim	nietocharski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietocharski	nietocharski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietocharski	nietocharski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietocharsko	nietocharsko	adv:pos		
nietocharskościach	nietocharskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskościami	nietocharskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskością	nietocharskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskości	nietocharskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskości	nietocharskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskości	nietocharskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskości	nietocharskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskości	nietocharskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskościom	nietocharskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskość	nietocharskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocharskość	nietocharskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatościach	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatościami	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatością	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatości	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatości	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatości	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatości	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatości	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatościom	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatość	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowatość	nietoczkarzowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkarzowaci	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoczkarzowata	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoczkarzowatą	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoczkarzowatą	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoczkarzowatego	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoczkarzowatego	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowatej	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoczkarzowatej	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoczkarzowatej	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoczkarzowatemu	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowate	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowate	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowate	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoczkarzowate	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoczkarzowatych	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoczkarzowatych	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowatych	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowatymi	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowatym	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowatym	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowatym	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkarzowaty	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoczkarzowaty	nietoczkarzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoczkowościach	nietoczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowościami	nietoczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowością	nietoczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowości	nietoczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowości	nietoczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowości	nietoczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowości	nietoczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowości	nietoczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowościom	nietoczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowość	nietoczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowość	nietoczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczkowa	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoczkową	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoczkową	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoczkowego	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoczkowego	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkowej	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoczkowej	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoczkowej	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoczkowemu	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkowe	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkowe	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkowe	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoczkowe	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoczkowi	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoczkowych	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoczkowych	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkowych	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkowymi	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkowym	nietoczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczkowym	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkowym	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczkowy	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoczkowy	nietoczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoczniowościach	nietoczniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowościami	nietoczniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowością	nietoczniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowości	nietoczniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowości	nietoczniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowości	nietoczniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowości	nietoczniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowości	nietoczniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowościom	nietoczniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowość	nietoczniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowość	nietoczniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczniowa	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoczniową	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoczniową	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoczniowego	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoczniowego	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczniowej	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoczniowej	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoczniowej	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoczniowemu	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczniowe	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczniowe	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczniowe	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoczniowe	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoczniowi	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoczniowych	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoczniowych	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczniowych	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczniowymi	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczniowym	nietoczniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczniowym	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczniowym	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczniowy	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoczniowy	nietoczniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietocznościach	nietoczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocznościami	nietoczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocznością	nietoczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczności	nietoczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczności	nietoczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczności	nietoczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczności	nietoczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczności	nietoczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietocznościom	nietoczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczność	nietoczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczność	nietoczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczna	nietoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoczną	nietoczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoczną	nietoczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietocznego	nietoczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietocznego	nietoczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietocznej	nietoczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietocznej	nietoczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietocznej	nietoczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietocznemu	nietoczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczne	nietoczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczne	nietoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczne	nietoczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoczne	nietoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoczni	nietoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietocznych	nietoczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietocznych	nietoczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocznych	nietoczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocznymi	nietoczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocznym	nietoczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietocznym	nietoczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietocznym	nietoczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczny	nietoczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoczny	nietoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoczonościach	nietoczoność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczonościami	nietoczoność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczonością	nietoczoność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczoności	nietoczoność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczoności	nietoczoność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczoności	nietoczoność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczoności	nietoczoność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczoności	nietoczoność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczonościom	nietoczoność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczoność	nietoczoność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczoność	nietoczoność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczeni	nietoczony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoczona	nietoczony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoczoną	nietoczony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoczoną	nietoczony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoczonego	nietoczony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoczonego	nietoczony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczonej	nietoczony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoczonej	nietoczony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoczonej	nietoczony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoczonemu	nietoczony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczone	nietoczony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczone	nietoczony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczone	nietoczony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoczone	nietoczony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoczonych	nietoczony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoczonych	nietoczony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczonych	nietoczony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczonymi	nietoczony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczonym	nietoczony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczonym	nietoczony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczonym	nietoczony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczony	nietoczony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoczony	nietoczony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoczystościach	nietoczystość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystościami	nietoczystość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystością	nietoczystość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystości	nietoczystość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystości	nietoczystość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystości	nietoczystość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystości	nietoczystość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystości	nietoczystość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystościom	nietoczystość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystość	nietoczystość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczystość	nietoczystość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoczysta	nietoczysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoczystą	nietoczysty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoczystą	nietoczysty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoczystego	nietoczysty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoczystego	nietoczysty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczystej	nietoczysty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoczystej	nietoczysty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoczystej	nietoczysty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoczystemu	nietoczysty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczyste	nietoczysty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczyste	nietoczysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczyste	nietoczysty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoczyste	nietoczysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoczystych	nietoczysty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoczystych	nietoczysty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczystych	nietoczysty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczystymi	nietoczysty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczystym	nietoczysty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoczystym	nietoczysty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczystym	nietoczysty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoczysty	nietoczysty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoczysty	nietoczysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoczyści	nietoczysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoggenburscy	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoggenburska	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoggenburską	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoggenburską	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoggenburskich	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoggenburskich	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoggenburskich	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoggenburskiego	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoggenburskiego	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoggenburskiej	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoggenburskiej	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoggenburskiej	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoggenburskiemu	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoggenburskie	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoggenburskie	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoggenburskie	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoggenburskie	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoggenburskimi	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoggenburskim	nietoggenburski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoggenburskim	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoggenburskim	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoggenburski	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoggenburski	nietoggenburski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoggenbursko	nietoggenbursko	adv:pos		
nietoggenburskościach	nietoggenburskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskościami	nietoggenburskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskością	nietoggenburskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskości	nietoggenburskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskości	nietoggenburskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskości	nietoggenburskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskości	nietoggenburskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskości	nietoggenburskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskościom	nietoggenburskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskość	nietoggenburskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoggenburskość	nietoggenburskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijscy	nietogijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietogijska	nietogijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietogijską	nietogijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietogijską	nietogijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietogijskich	nietogijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietogijskich	nietogijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietogijskich	nietogijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietogijskiego	nietogijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietogijskiego	nietogijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietogijskiej	nietogijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietogijskiej	nietogijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietogijskiej	nietogijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietogijskiemu	nietogijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietogijskie	nietogijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietogijskie	nietogijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietogijskie	nietogijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietogijskie	nietogijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietogijskimi	nietogijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietogijskim	nietogijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietogijskim	nietogijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietogijskim	nietogijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietogijski	nietogijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietogijski	nietogijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietogijsko	nietogijsko	adv:pos		
nietogijskościach	nietogijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskościami	nietogijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskością	nietogijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskości	nietogijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskości	nietogijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskości	nietogijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskości	nietogijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskości	nietogijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskościom	nietogijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskość	nietogijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietogijskość	nietogijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatościach	nietoinowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatościami	nietoinowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatością	nietoinowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatości	nietoinowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatości	nietoinowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatości	nietoinowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatości	nietoinowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatości	nietoinowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatościom	nietoinowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatość	nietoinowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowatość	nietoinowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoinowaci	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoinowata	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoinowatą	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoinowatą	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoinowatego	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoinowatego	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoinowatej	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoinowatej	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoinowatej	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoinowatemu	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoinowate	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoinowate	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoinowate	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoinowate	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoinowatych	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoinowatych	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoinowatych	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoinowatymi	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoinowatym	nietoinowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoinowatym	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoinowatym	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoinowaty	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoinowaty	nietoinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietokajscy	nietokajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietokajska	nietokajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietokajską	nietokajski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietokajską	nietokajski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietokajskich	nietokajski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietokajskich	nietokajski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokajskich	nietokajski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokajskiego	nietokajski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietokajskiego	nietokajski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokajskiej	nietokajski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietokajskiej	nietokajski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietokajskiej	nietokajski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietokajskiemu	nietokajski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokajskie	nietokajski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokajskie	nietokajski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokajskie	nietokajski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietokajskie	nietokajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietokajskimi	nietokajski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokajskim	nietokajski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokajskim	nietokajski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokajskim	nietokajski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokajski	nietokajski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietokajski	nietokajski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietokajsko	nietokajsko	adv:pos		
nietokajskościach	nietokajskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskościami	nietokajskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskością	nietokajskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskości	nietokajskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskości	nietokajskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskości	nietokajskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskości	nietokajskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskości	nietokajskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskościom	nietokajskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskość	nietokajskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokajskość	nietokajskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarscy	nietokarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietokarska	nietokarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietokarską	nietokarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietokarską	nietokarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietokarskich	nietokarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietokarskich	nietokarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokarskich	nietokarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokarskiego	nietokarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietokarskiego	nietokarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokarskiej	nietokarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietokarskiej	nietokarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietokarskiej	nietokarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietokarskiemu	nietokarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokarskie	nietokarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokarskie	nietokarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokarskie	nietokarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietokarskie	nietokarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietokarskimi	nietokarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokarskim	nietokarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokarskim	nietokarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokarskim	nietokarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokarski	nietokarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietokarski	nietokarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietokarsko	nietokarsko	adv:pos		
nietokarskościach	nietokarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskościami	nietokarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskością	nietokarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskości	nietokarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskości	nietokarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskości	nietokarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskości	nietokarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskości	nietokarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskościom	nietokarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskość	nietokarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokarskość	nietokarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijscy	nietokijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietokijska	nietokijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietokijską	nietokijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietokijską	nietokijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietokijskich	nietokijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietokijskich	nietokijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokijskich	nietokijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokijskiego	nietokijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietokijskiego	nietokijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokijskiej	nietokijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietokijskiej	nietokijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietokijskiej	nietokijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietokijskiemu	nietokijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokijskie	nietokijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokijskie	nietokijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokijskie	nietokijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietokijskie	nietokijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietokijskimi	nietokijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokijskim	nietokijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokijskim	nietokijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokijskim	nietokijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokijski	nietokijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietokijski	nietokijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietokijsko	nietokijsko	adv:pos		
nietokijskościach	nietokijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskościami	nietokijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskością	nietokijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskości	nietokijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskości	nietokijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskości	nietokijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskości	nietokijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskości	nietokijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskościom	nietokijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskość	nietokijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokijskość	nietokijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowościach	nietokowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowościami	nietokowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowością	nietokowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowości	nietokowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowości	nietokowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowości	nietokowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowości	nietokowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowości	nietokowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowościom	nietokowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowość	nietokowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowość	nietokowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietokowa	nietokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietokową	nietokowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietokową	nietokowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietokowego	nietokowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietokowego	nietokowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokowej	nietokowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietokowej	nietokowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietokowej	nietokowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietokowemu	nietokowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokowe	nietokowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokowe	nietokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokowe	nietokowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietokowe	nietokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietokowi	nietokowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietokowych	nietokowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietokowych	nietokowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokowych	nietokowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokowymi	nietokowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokowym	nietokowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietokowym	nietokowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokowym	nietokowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietokowy	nietokowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietokowy	nietokowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoksycznie	nietoksycznie	adv:pos		
nietoksycznościach	nietoksyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksycznościami	nietoksyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksycznością	nietoksyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczności	nietoksyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczności	nietoksyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczności	nietoksyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczności	nietoksyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczności	nietoksyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksycznościom	nietoksyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczność	nietoksyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczność	nietoksyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksyczna	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoksyczną	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoksyczną	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoksycznego	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoksycznego	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksycznej	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoksycznej	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoksycznej	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoksycznemu	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksyczne	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksyczne	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksyczne	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoksyczne	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoksyczni	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoksycznych	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoksycznych	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksycznych	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksycznymi	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksycznym	nietoksyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksycznym	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksycznym	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksyczny	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoksyczny	nietoksyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoksykologicznościach	nietoksykologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologicznościami	nietoksykologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologicznością	nietoksykologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczności	nietoksykologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczności	nietoksykologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczności	nietoksykologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczności	nietoksykologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczności	nietoksykologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologicznościom	nietoksykologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczność	nietoksykologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczność	nietoksykologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoksykologiczna	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoksykologiczną	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoksykologiczną	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoksykologicznego	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoksykologicznego	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksykologicznej	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoksykologicznej	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoksykologicznej	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoksykologicznemu	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksykologiczne	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksykologiczne	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksykologiczne	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoksykologiczne	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoksykologiczni	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoksykologicznych	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoksykologicznych	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksykologicznych	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksykologicznymi	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksykologicznym	nietoksykologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksykologicznym	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksykologicznym	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksykologiczny	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoksykologiczny	nietoksykologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoksynotwórcza	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoksynotwórczą	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoksynotwórczą	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoksynotwórczego	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoksynotwórczego	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczej	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoksynotwórczej	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoksynotwórczej	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoksynotwórczemu	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórcze	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórcze	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórcze	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoksynotwórcze	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczych	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoksynotwórczych	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczych	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczymi	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczym	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczym	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczym	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoksynotwórczy	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoksynotwórczy	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoksynotwórczy	nietoksynotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoledańscy	nietoledański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoledańska	nietoledański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoledańską	nietoledański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoledańską	nietoledański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoledańskich	nietoledański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoledańskich	nietoledański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoledańskich	nietoledański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoledańskiego	nietoledański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoledańskiego	nietoledański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoledańskiej	nietoledański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoledańskiej	nietoledański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoledańskiej	nietoledański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoledańskiemu	nietoledański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoledańskie	nietoledański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoledańskie	nietoledański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoledańskie	nietoledański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoledańskie	nietoledański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoledańskimi	nietoledański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoledańskim	nietoledański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoledańskim	nietoledański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoledańskim	nietoledański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoledański	nietoledański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoledański	nietoledański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoledańsko	nietoledańsko	adv:pos		
nietoledańskościach	nietoledańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskościami	nietoledańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskością	nietoledańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskości	nietoledańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskości	nietoledańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskości	nietoledańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskości	nietoledańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskości	nietoledańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskościom	nietoledańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskość	nietoledańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoledańskość	nietoledańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancjach	nietolerancja	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancjami	nietolerancja	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancja	nietolerancja	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancją	nietolerancja	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancje	nietolerancja	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancję	nietolerancja	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancji	nietolerancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
nietolerancji	nietolerancja	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancji	nietolerancja	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancjom	nietolerancja	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancjo	nietolerancja	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyj	nietolerancja	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.
nietoleranccy	nietolerancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietolerancka	nietolerancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietolerancką	nietolerancki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietolerancką	nietolerancki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoleranckich	nietolerancki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoleranckich	nietolerancki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoleranckich	nietolerancki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoleranckiego	nietolerancki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoleranckiego	nietolerancki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoleranckiej	nietolerancki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoleranckiej	nietolerancki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoleranckiej	nietolerancki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoleranckiemu	nietolerancki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoleranckie	nietolerancki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoleranckie	nietolerancki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoleranckie	nietolerancki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoleranckie	nietolerancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoleranckimi	nietolerancki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoleranckim	nietolerancki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoleranckim	nietolerancki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoleranckim	nietolerancki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolerancki	nietolerancki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietolerancki	nietolerancki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietolerancko	nietolerancko	adv:pos		
nietoleranckościach	nietoleranckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckościami	nietoleranckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckością	nietoleranckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckości	nietoleranckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckości	nietoleranckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckości	nietoleranckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckości	nietoleranckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckości	nietoleranckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckościom	nietoleranckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckość	nietoleranckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoleranckość	nietoleranckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjnie	nietolerancyjnie	adv:pos		
nietolerancyjnościach	nietolerancyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjnościami	nietolerancyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjnością	nietolerancyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjności	nietolerancyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjności	nietolerancyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjności	nietolerancyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjności	nietolerancyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjności	nietolerancyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjnościom	nietolerancyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjność	nietolerancyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjność	nietolerancyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolerancyjna	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietolerancyjną	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietolerancyjną	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietolerancyjnego	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietolerancyjnego	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolerancyjnej	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietolerancyjnej	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietolerancyjnej	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietolerancyjnemu	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolerancyjne	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolerancyjne	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolerancyjne	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietolerancyjne	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietolerancyjni	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietolerancyjnych	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietolerancyjnych	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolerancyjnych	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolerancyjnymi	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolerancyjnym	nietolerancyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolerancyjnym	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolerancyjnym	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolerancyjny	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietolerancyjny	nietolerancyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietolerancie	nietolerant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerancie	nietolerant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoleranci	nietolerant	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerantach	nietolerant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerantami	nietolerant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoleranta	nietolerant	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoleranta	nietolerant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerantem	nietolerant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerant	nietolerant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerantom	nietolerant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerantowi	nietolerant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolerantów	nietolerant	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoleranty	nietolerant	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietolkienowscy	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietolkienowska	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietolkienowską	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietolkienowską	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietolkienowskich	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietolkienowskich	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkienowskich	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkienowskiego	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietolkienowskiego	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkienowskiej	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietolkienowskiej	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietolkienowskiej	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietolkienowskiemu	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkienowskie	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkienowskie	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkienowskie	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietolkienowskie	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietolkienowskimi	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkienowskim	nietolkienowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkienowskim	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkienowskim	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkienowski	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietolkienowski	nietolkienowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietolkienowsko	nietolkienowsko	adv:pos		
nietolkienowskościach	nietolkienowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskościami	nietolkienowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskością	nietolkienowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskości	nietolkienowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskości	nietolkienowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskości	nietolkienowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskości	nietolkienowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskości	nietolkienowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskościom	nietolkienowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskość	nietolkienowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkienowskość	nietolkienowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmiccy	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietolkmicka	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietolkmicką	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietolkmicką	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietolkmickich	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietolkmickich	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkmickich	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkmickiego	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietolkmickiego	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkmickiej	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietolkmickiej	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietolkmickiej	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietolkmickiemu	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkmickie	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkmickie	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkmickie	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietolkmickie	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietolkmickimi	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkmickim	nietolkmicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolkmickim	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkmickim	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolkmicki	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietolkmicki	nietolkmicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietolkmicko	nietolkmicko	adv:pos		
nietolkmickościach	nietolkmickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickościami	nietolkmickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickością	nietolkmickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickości	nietolkmickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickości	nietolkmickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickości	nietolkmickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickości	nietolkmickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickości	nietolkmickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickościom	nietolkmickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickość	nietolkmickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolkmickość	nietolkmickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańscy	nietolutański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietolutańska	nietolutański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietolutańską	nietolutański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietolutańską	nietolutański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietolutańskich	nietolutański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietolutańskich	nietolutański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolutańskich	nietolutański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolutańskiego	nietolutański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietolutańskiego	nietolutański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolutańskiej	nietolutański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietolutańskiej	nietolutański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietolutańskiej	nietolutański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietolutańskiemu	nietolutański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolutańskie	nietolutański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolutańskie	nietolutański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolutańskie	nietolutański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietolutańskie	nietolutański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietolutańskimi	nietolutański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolutańskim	nietolutański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietolutańskim	nietolutański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolutańskim	nietolutański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietolutański	nietolutański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietolutański	nietolutański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietolutańsko	nietolutańsko	adv:pos		
nietolutańskościach	nietolutańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskościami	nietolutańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskością	nietolutańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskości	nietolutańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskości	nietolutańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskości	nietolutańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskości	nietolutańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskości	nietolutańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskościom	nietolutańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskość	nietolutańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietolutańskość	nietolutańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowscy	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietołstojowska	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietołstojowską	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietołstojowską	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietołstojowskich	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietołstojowskich	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietołstojowskich	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietołstojowskiego	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietołstojowskiego	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietołstojowskiej	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietołstojowskiej	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietołstojowskiej	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietołstojowskiemu	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietołstojowskie	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietołstojowskie	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietołstojowskie	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietołstojowskie	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietołstojowskimi	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietołstojowskim	nietołstojowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietołstojowskim	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietołstojowskim	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietołstojowski	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietołstojowski	nietołstojowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietołstojowsko	nietołstojowsko	adv:pos		
nietołstojowskościach	nietołstojowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskościami	nietołstojowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskością	nietołstojowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskości	nietołstojowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskości	nietołstojowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskości	nietołstojowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskości	nietołstojowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskości	nietołstojowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskościom	nietołstojowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskość	nietołstojowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietołstojowskość	nietołstojowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowscy	nietomasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomasowska	nietomasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomasowską	nietomasowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomasowską	nietomasowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomasowskich	nietomasowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomasowskich	nietomasowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomasowskich	nietomasowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomasowskiego	nietomasowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomasowskiego	nietomasowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomasowskiej	nietomasowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomasowskiej	nietomasowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomasowskiej	nietomasowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomasowskiemu	nietomasowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomasowskie	nietomasowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomasowskie	nietomasowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomasowskie	nietomasowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomasowskie	nietomasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomasowskimi	nietomasowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomasowskim	nietomasowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomasowskim	nietomasowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomasowskim	nietomasowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomasowski	nietomasowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomasowski	nietomasowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomasowsko	nietomasowsko	adv:pos		
nietomasowskościach	nietomasowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskościami	nietomasowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskością	nietomasowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskości	nietomasowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskości	nietomasowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskości	nietomasowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskości	nietomasowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskości	nietomasowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskościom	nietomasowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskość	nietomasowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomasowskość	nietomasowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowscy	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomaszowska	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomaszowską	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomaszowską	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomaszowskich	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomaszowskich	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowskich	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowskiego	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomaszowskiego	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowskiej	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomaszowskiej	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomaszowskiej	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomaszowskiemu	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowskie	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowskie	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowskie	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomaszowskie	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomaszowskimi	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowskim	nietomaszowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowskim	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowskim	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowski	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomaszowski	nietomaszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomaszowsko	nietomaszowsko	adv:pos		
nietomaszowskościach	nietomaszowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskościami	nietomaszowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskością	nietomaszowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskości	nietomaszowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskości	nietomaszowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskości	nietomaszowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskości	nietomaszowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskości	nietomaszowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskościom	nietomaszowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskość	nietomaszowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowskość	nietomaszowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomaszowa	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomaszową	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomaszową	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomaszowego	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomaszowego	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowej	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomaszowej	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomaszowej	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomaszowemu	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowe	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowe	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowe	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomaszowe	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomaszowi	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomaszowych	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomaszowych	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowych	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowymi	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowym	nietomaszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomaszowym	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowym	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomaszowy	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomaszowy	nietomaszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietombakowościach	nietombakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowościami	nietombakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowością	nietombakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowości	nietombakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowości	nietombakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowości	nietombakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowości	nietombakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowości	nietombakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowościom	nietombakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowość	nietombakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowość	nietombakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietombakowa	nietombakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietombakową	nietombakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietombakową	nietombakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietombakowego	nietombakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietombakowego	nietombakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietombakowej	nietombakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietombakowej	nietombakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietombakowej	nietombakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietombakowemu	nietombakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietombakowe	nietombakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietombakowe	nietombakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietombakowe	nietombakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietombakowe	nietombakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietombakowi	nietombakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietombakowych	nietombakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietombakowych	nietombakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietombakowych	nietombakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietombakowymi	nietombakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietombakowym	nietombakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietombakowym	nietombakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietombakowym	nietombakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietombakowy	nietombakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietombakowy	nietombakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomiccy	nietomicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomicka	nietomicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomicką	nietomicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomicką	nietomicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomickich	nietomicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomickich	nietomicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomickich	nietomicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomickiego	nietomicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomickiego	nietomicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomickiej	nietomicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomickiej	nietomicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomickiej	nietomicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomickiemu	nietomicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomickie	nietomicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomickie	nietomicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomickie	nietomicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomickie	nietomicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomickimi	nietomicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomickim	nietomicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomickim	nietomicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomickim	nietomicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomicki	nietomicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomicki	nietomicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomicko	nietomicko	adv:pos		
nietomickościach	nietomickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickościami	nietomickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickością	nietomickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickości	nietomickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickości	nietomickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickości	nietomickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickości	nietomickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickości	nietomickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickościom	nietomickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickość	nietomickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomickość	nietomickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistycznościach	nietomistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistycznościami	nietomistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistycznością	nietomistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczności	nietomistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczności	nietomistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczności	nietomistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczności	nietomistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczności	nietomistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistycznościom	nietomistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczność	nietomistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczność	nietomistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomistyczna	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomistyczną	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomistyczną	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomistycznego	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomistycznego	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomistycznej	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomistycznej	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomistycznej	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomistycznemu	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomistyczne	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomistyczne	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomistyczne	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomistyczne	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomistyczni	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomistycznych	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomistycznych	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomistycznych	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomistycznymi	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomistycznym	nietomistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomistycznym	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomistycznym	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomistyczny	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomistyczny	nietomistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomograficznościach	nietomograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficznościami	nietomograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficznością	nietomograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzności	nietomograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzności	nietomograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzności	nietomograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzności	nietomograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzności	nietomograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficznościom	nietomograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzność	nietomograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzność	nietomograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomograficzna	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomograficzną	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomograficzną	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomograficznego	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomograficznego	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomograficznej	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomograficznej	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomograficznej	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomograficznemu	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomograficzne	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomograficzne	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomograficzne	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomograficzne	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomograficzni	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomograficznych	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomograficznych	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomograficznych	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomograficznymi	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomograficznym	nietomograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomograficznym	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomograficznym	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomograficzny	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomograficzny	nietomograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomowościach	nietomowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowościami	nietomowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowością	nietomowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowości	nietomowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowości	nietomowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowości	nietomowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowości	nietomowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowości	nietomowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowościom	nietomowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowość	nietomowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowość	nietomowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomowa	nietomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomową	nietomowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomową	nietomowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomowego	nietomowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomowego	nietomowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomowej	nietomowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomowej	nietomowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomowej	nietomowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomowemu	nietomowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomowe	nietomowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomowe	nietomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomowe	nietomowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomowe	nietomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomowi	nietomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomowych	nietomowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomowych	nietomowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomowych	nietomowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomowymi	nietomowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomowym	nietomowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomowym	nietomowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomowym	nietomowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomowy	nietomowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomowy	nietomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomscy	nietomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietomska	nietomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietomską	nietomski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietomską	nietomski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietomskich	nietomski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietomskich	nietomski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomskich	nietomski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomskiego	nietomski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietomskiego	nietomski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomskiej	nietomski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietomskiej	nietomski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietomskiej	nietomski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietomskiemu	nietomski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomskie	nietomski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomskie	nietomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomskie	nietomski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietomskie	nietomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietomskimi	nietomski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomskim	nietomski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietomskim	nietomski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomskim	nietomski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietomski	nietomski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietomski	nietomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietomsko	nietomsko	adv:pos		
nietomskościach	nietomskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskościami	nietomskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskością	nietomskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskości	nietomskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskości	nietomskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskości	nietomskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskości	nietomskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskości	nietomskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskościom	nietomskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskość	nietomskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietomskość	nietomskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjnościach	nietonacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjnościami	nietonacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjnością	nietonacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjności	nietonacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjności	nietonacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjności	nietonacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjności	nietonacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjności	nietonacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjnościom	nietonacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjność	nietonacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjność	nietonacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonacyjna	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonacyjną	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonacyjną	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonacyjnego	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonacyjnego	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonacyjnej	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonacyjnej	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonacyjnej	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonacyjnemu	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonacyjne	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonacyjne	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonacyjne	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonacyjne	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonacyjni	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonacyjnych	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonacyjnych	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonacyjnych	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonacyjnymi	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonacyjnym	nietonacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonacyjnym	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonacyjnym	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonacyjny	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonacyjny	nietonacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietonalnościach	nietonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalnościami	nietonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalnością	nietonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalności	nietonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalności	nietonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalności	nietonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalności	nietonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalności	nietonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalnościom	nietonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalność	nietonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalność	nietonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonalna	nietonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonalną	nietonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonalną	nietonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonalnego	nietonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonalnego	nietonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonalnej	nietonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonalnej	nietonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonalnej	nietonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonalnemu	nietonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonalne	nietonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonalne	nietonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonalne	nietonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonalne	nietonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonalni	nietonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonalnych	nietonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonalnych	nietonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonalnych	nietonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonalnymi	nietonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonalnym	nietonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonalnym	nietonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonalnym	nietonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonalny	nietonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonalny	nietonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietonażowościach	nietonażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowościami	nietonażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowością	nietonażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowości	nietonażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowości	nietonażowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowości	nietonażowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowości	nietonażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowości	nietonażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowościom	nietonażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowość	nietonażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowość	nietonażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonażowa	nietonażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonażową	nietonażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonażową	nietonażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonażowego	nietonażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonażowego	nietonażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonażowej	nietonażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonażowej	nietonażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonażowej	nietonażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonażowemu	nietonażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonażowe	nietonażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonażowe	nietonażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonażowe	nietonażowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonażowe	nietonażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonażowi	nietonażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonażowych	nietonażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonażowych	nietonażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonażowych	nietonażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonażowymi	nietonażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonażowym	nietonażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonażowym	nietonażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonażowym	nietonażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonażowy	nietonażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonażowy	nietonażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietonąco	nietonąco	adv:pos		
nietonąca	nietonący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonącą	nietonący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonącą	nietonący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonącego	nietonący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonącego	nietonący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonącej	nietonący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonącej	nietonący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonącej	nietonący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonącemu	nietonący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonące	nietonący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonące	nietonący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonące	nietonący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonące	nietonący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonących	nietonący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonących	nietonący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonących	nietonący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonącymi	nietonący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonącym	nietonący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonącym	nietonący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonącym	nietonący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonący	nietonący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonący	nietonący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonący	nietonący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietongijscy	nietongijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietongijska	nietongijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietongijską	nietongijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietongijską	nietongijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietongijskich	nietongijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietongijskich	nietongijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietongijskich	nietongijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietongijskiego	nietongijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietongijskiego	nietongijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietongijskiej	nietongijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietongijskiej	nietongijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietongijskiej	nietongijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietongijskiemu	nietongijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietongijskie	nietongijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietongijskie	nietongijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietongijskie	nietongijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietongijskie	nietongijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietongijskimi	nietongijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietongijskim	nietongijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietongijskim	nietongijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietongijskim	nietongijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietongijski	nietongijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietongijski	nietongijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietongijsko	nietongijsko	adv:pos		
nietongijskościach	nietongijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskościami	nietongijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskością	nietongijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskości	nietongijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskości	nietongijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskości	nietongijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskości	nietongijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskości	nietongijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskościom	nietongijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskość	nietongijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietongijskość	nietongijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonicznie	nietonicznie	adv:pos		
nietonicznościach	nietoniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonicznościami	nietoniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonicznością	nietoniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczności	nietoniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczności	nietoniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczności	nietoniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczności	nietoniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczności	nietoniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonicznościom	nietoniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczność	nietoniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczność	nietoniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoniczna	nietoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoniczną	nietoniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoniczną	nietoniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonicznego	nietoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonicznego	nietoniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonicznej	nietoniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonicznej	nietoniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonicznej	nietoniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonicznemu	nietoniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoniczne	nietoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoniczne	nietoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoniczne	nietoniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoniczne	nietoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoniczni	nietoniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonicznych	nietoniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonicznych	nietoniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonicznych	nietoniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonicznymi	nietoniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonicznym	nietoniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonicznym	nietoniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonicznym	nietoniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoniczny	nietoniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoniczny	nietoniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietonizująco	nietonizująco	adv:pos		
nietonizującościach	nietonizującość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującościami	nietonizującość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującością	nietonizującość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującości	nietonizującość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującości	nietonizującość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującości	nietonizującość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującości	nietonizującość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującości	nietonizującość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującościom	nietonizującość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującość	nietonizującość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizującość	nietonizującość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonizująca	nietonizujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonizującą	nietonizujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonizującą	nietonizujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonizującego	nietonizujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonizującego	nietonizujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonizującej	nietonizujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonizującej	nietonizujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonizującej	nietonizujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonizującemu	nietonizujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonizujące	nietonizujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonizujące	nietonizujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonizujące	nietonizujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonizujące	nietonizujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonizujących	nietonizujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonizujących	nietonizujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonizujących	nietonizujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonizującymi	nietonizujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonizującym	nietonizujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonizującym	nietonizujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonizującym	nietonizujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonizujący	nietonizujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonizujący	nietonizujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonizujący	nietonizujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietonkinowościach	nietonkinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowościami	nietonkinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowością	nietonkinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowości	nietonkinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowości	nietonkinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowości	nietonkinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowości	nietonkinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowości	nietonkinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowościom	nietonkinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowość	nietonkinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowość	nietonkinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkinowa	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonkinową	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonkinową	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonkinowego	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonkinowego	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkinowej	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonkinowej	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonkinowej	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonkinowemu	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkinowe	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkinowe	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkinowe	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonkinowe	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonkinowi	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonkinowych	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonkinowych	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkinowych	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkinowymi	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkinowym	nietonkinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkinowym	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkinowym	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkinowy	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonkinowy	nietonkinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietonkińscy	nietonkiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonkińska	nietonkiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonkińską	nietonkiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonkińską	nietonkiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonkińskich	nietonkiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonkińskich	nietonkiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkińskich	nietonkiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkińskiego	nietonkiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonkińskiego	nietonkiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkińskiej	nietonkiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonkińskiej	nietonkiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonkińskiej	nietonkiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonkińskiemu	nietonkiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkińskie	nietonkiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkińskie	nietonkiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkińskie	nietonkiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonkińskie	nietonkiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonkińskimi	nietonkiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkińskim	nietonkiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonkińskim	nietonkiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkińskim	nietonkiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonkiński	nietonkiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonkiński	nietonkiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietonkińsko	nietonkińsko	adv:pos		
nietonkińskościach	nietonkińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskościami	nietonkińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskością	nietonkińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskości	nietonkińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskości	nietonkińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskości	nietonkińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskości	nietonkińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskości	nietonkińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskościom	nietonkińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskość	nietonkińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonkińskość	nietonkińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowo	nietonowo	adv:pos		
nietonowościach	nietonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowościami	nietonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowością	nietonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowości	nietonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowości	nietonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowości	nietonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowości	nietonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowości	nietonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowościom	nietonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowość	nietonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowość	nietonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietonowa	nietonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietonową	nietonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietonową	nietonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietonowego	nietonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietonowego	nietonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonowej	nietonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietonowej	nietonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietonowej	nietonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietonowemu	nietonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonowe	nietonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonowe	nietonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonowe	nietonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietonowe	nietonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietonowi	nietonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietonowych	nietonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietonowych	nietonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonowych	nietonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonowymi	nietonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonowym	nietonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietonowym	nietonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonowym	nietonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietonowy	nietonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietonowy	nietonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopazowościach	nietopazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowościami	nietopazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowością	nietopazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowości	nietopazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowości	nietopazowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowości	nietopazowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowości	nietopazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowości	nietopazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowościom	nietopazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowość	nietopazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowość	nietopazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopazowa	nietopazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopazową	nietopazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopazową	nietopazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopazowego	nietopazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopazowego	nietopazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopazowej	nietopazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopazowej	nietopazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopazowej	nietopazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopazowemu	nietopazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopazowe	nietopazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopazowe	nietopazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopazowe	nietopazowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopazowe	nietopazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopazowi	nietopazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopazowych	nietopazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopazowych	nietopazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopazowych	nietopazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopazowymi	nietopazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopazowym	nietopazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopazowym	nietopazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopazowym	nietopazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopazowy	nietopazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopazowy	nietopazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoperzach	nietoperz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzach	nietoperz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzami	nietoperz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzami	nietoperz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperza	nietoperz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperza	nietoperz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperza	nietoperz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperza	nietoperz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzem	nietoperz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzem	nietoperz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperze	nietoperz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperze	nietoperz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperz	nietoperz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperz	nietoperz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzom	nietoperz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzom	nietoperz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzowi	nietoperz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzowi	nietoperz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzów	nietoperz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzu	nietoperz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzu	nietoperz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzu	nietoperz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.|zool.
nietoperzu	nietoperz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzy	nietoperz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	zool.
nietoperzościach	nietoperzość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzościami	nietoperzość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzością	nietoperzość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzości	nietoperzość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzości	nietoperzość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzości	nietoperzość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzości	nietoperzość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzości	nietoperzość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzościom	nietoperzość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzość	nietoperzość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzość	nietoperzość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nietoperzowościach	nietoperzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowościami	nietoperzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowością	nietoperzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowości	nietoperzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowości	nietoperzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowości	nietoperzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowości	nietoperzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowości	nietoperzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowościom	nietoperzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowość	nietoperzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowość	nietoperzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoperzowa	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoperzową	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoperzową	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoperzowego	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoperzowego	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoperzowej	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoperzowej	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoperzowej	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoperzowemu	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoperzowe	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoperzowe	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoperzowe	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoperzowe	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoperzowi	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoperzowo	nietoperzowy	adja		
nietoperzowych	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoperzowych	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoperzowych	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoperzowymi	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoperzowym	nietoperzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoperzowym	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoperzowym	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoperzowy	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoperzowy	nietoperzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoperza	nietoperzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
nietoperzą	nietoperzy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
nietoperzą	nietoperzy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
nietoperzego	nietoperzy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
nietoperzego	nietoperzy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nietoperzej	nietoperzy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
nietoperzej	nietoperzy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
nietoperzej	nietoperzy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
nietoperzemu	nietoperzy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nietoperze	nietoperzy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nietoperze	nietoperzy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nietoperze	nietoperzy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
nietoperze	nietoperzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
nietoperzo	nietoperzy	adja		przest.
nietoperzych	nietoperzy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
nietoperzych	nietoperzy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nietoperzych	nietoperzy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nietoperzymi	nietoperzy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nietoperzym	nietoperzy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nietoperzym	nietoperzy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nietoperzym	nietoperzy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nietoperzy	nietoperzy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
nietoperzy	nietoperzy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
nietoperzy	nietoperzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
nietopicznościach	nietopiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopicznościami	nietopiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopicznością	nietopiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczności	nietopiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczności	nietopiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczności	nietopiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczności	nietopiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczności	nietopiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopicznościom	nietopiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczność	nietopiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczność	nietopiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopiczna	nietopiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopiczną	nietopiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopiczną	nietopiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopicznego	nietopiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopicznego	nietopiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopicznej	nietopiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopicznej	nietopiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopicznej	nietopiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopicznemu	nietopiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopiczne	nietopiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopiczne	nietopiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopiczne	nietopiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopiczne	nietopiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopiczni	nietopiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopicznych	nietopiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopicznych	nietopiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopicznych	nietopiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopicznymi	nietopiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopicznym	nietopiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopicznym	nietopiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopicznym	nietopiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopiczny	nietopiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopiczny	nietopiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopielistościach	nietopielistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistościami	nietopielistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistością	nietopielistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistości	nietopielistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistości	nietopielistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistości	nietopielistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistości	nietopielistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistości	nietopielistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistościom	nietopielistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistość	nietopielistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielistość	nietopielistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielista	nietopielisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopielistą	nietopielisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopielistą	nietopielisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopielistego	nietopielisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopielistego	nietopielisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopielistej	nietopielisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopielistej	nietopielisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopielistej	nietopielisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopielistemu	nietopielisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopieliste	nietopielisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopieliste	nietopielisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopieliste	nietopielisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopieliste	nietopielisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopielistych	nietopielisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopielistych	nietopielisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielistych	nietopielisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielistymi	nietopielisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielistym	nietopielisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielistym	nietopielisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopielistym	nietopielisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopielisty	nietopielisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopielisty	nietopielisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopieliści	nietopielisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopielnościach	nietopielność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielnościami	nietopielność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielnością	nietopielność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielności	nietopielność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielności	nietopielność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielności	nietopielność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielności	nietopielność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielności	nietopielność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielnościom	nietopielność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielność	nietopielność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielność	nietopielność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopielna	nietopielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopielną	nietopielny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopielną	nietopielny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopielnego	nietopielny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopielnego	nietopielny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopielnej	nietopielny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopielnej	nietopielny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopielnej	nietopielny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopielnemu	nietopielny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopielne	nietopielny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielne	nietopielny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielne	nietopielny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopielne	nietopielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopielni	nietopielny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopielnych	nietopielny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopielnych	nietopielny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielnych	nietopielny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielnymi	nietopielny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielnym	nietopielny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopielnym	nietopielny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopielnym	nietopielny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopielny	nietopielny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopielny	nietopielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopikowościach	nietopikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowościami	nietopikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowością	nietopikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowości	nietopikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowości	nietopikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowości	nietopikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowości	nietopikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowości	nietopikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowościom	nietopikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowość	nietopikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowość	nietopikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopikowa	nietopikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopikową	nietopikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopikową	nietopikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopikowego	nietopikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopikowego	nietopikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopikowej	nietopikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopikowej	nietopikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopikowej	nietopikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopikowemu	nietopikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopikowe	nietopikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopikowe	nietopikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopikowe	nietopikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopikowe	nietopikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopikowi	nietopikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopikowych	nietopikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopikowych	nietopikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopikowych	nietopikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopikowymi	nietopikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopikowym	nietopikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopikowym	nietopikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopikowym	nietopikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopikowy	nietopikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopikowy	nietopikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopliwościach	nietopliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwościami	nietopliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwością	nietopliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwości	nietopliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwości	nietopliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwości	nietopliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwości	nietopliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwości	nietopliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwościom	nietopliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwość	nietopliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwość	nietopliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopliwa	nietopliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopliwą	nietopliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopliwą	nietopliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopliwego	nietopliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopliwego	nietopliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopliwej	nietopliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopliwej	nietopliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopliwej	nietopliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopliwemu	nietopliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopliwe	nietopliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopliwe	nietopliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopliwe	nietopliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopliwe	nietopliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopliwi	nietopliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopliwych	nietopliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopliwych	nietopliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopliwych	nietopliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopliwymi	nietopliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopliwym	nietopliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopliwym	nietopliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopliwym	nietopliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopliwy	nietopliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopliwy	nietopliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopnieniowościach	nietopnieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowościami	nietopnieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowością	nietopnieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowości	nietopnieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowości	nietopnieniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowości	nietopnieniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowości	nietopnieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowości	nietopnieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowościom	nietopnieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowość	nietopnieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowość	nietopnieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopnieniowa	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopnieniową	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopnieniową	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopnieniowego	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopnieniowego	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopnieniowej	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopnieniowej	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopnieniowej	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopnieniowemu	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopnieniowe	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopnieniowe	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopnieniowe	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopnieniowe	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopnieniowi	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopnieniowych	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopnieniowych	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopnieniowych	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopnieniowymi	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopnieniowym	nietopnieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopnieniowym	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopnieniowym	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopnieniowy	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopnieniowy	nietopnieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopniskowościach	nietopniskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowościami	nietopniskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowością	nietopniskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowości	nietopniskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowości	nietopniskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowości	nietopniskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowości	nietopniskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowości	nietopniskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowościom	nietopniskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowość	nietopniskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowość	nietopniskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopniskowa	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopniskową	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopniskową	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopniskowego	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopniskowego	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopniskowej	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopniskowej	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopniskowej	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopniskowemu	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopniskowe	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopniskowe	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopniskowe	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopniskowe	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopniskowi	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopniskowych	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopniskowych	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopniskowych	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopniskowymi	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopniskowym	nietopniskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopniskowym	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopniskowym	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopniskowy	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopniskowy	nietopniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopocentrycznościach	nietopocentryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentrycznościami	nietopocentryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentrycznością	nietopocentryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczności	nietopocentryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczności	nietopocentryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczności	nietopocentryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczności	nietopocentryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczności	nietopocentryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentrycznościom	nietopocentryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczność	nietopocentryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczność	nietopocentryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopocentryczna	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopocentryczną	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopocentryczną	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopocentrycznego	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopocentrycznego	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopocentrycznej	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopocentrycznej	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopocentrycznej	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopocentrycznemu	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopocentryczne	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopocentryczne	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopocentryczne	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopocentryczne	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopocentryczni	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopocentrycznych	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopocentrycznych	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopocentrycznych	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopocentrycznymi	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopocentrycznym	nietopocentryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopocentrycznym	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopocentrycznym	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopocentryczny	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopocentryczny	nietopocentryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopograficznie	nietopograficznie	adv:pos		
nietopograficznościach	nietopograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficznościami	nietopograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficznością	nietopograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzności	nietopograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzności	nietopograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzności	nietopograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzności	nietopograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzności	nietopograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficznościom	nietopograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzność	nietopograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzność	nietopograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopograficzna	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopograficzną	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopograficzną	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopograficznego	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopograficznego	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopograficznej	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopograficznej	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopograficznej	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopograficznemu	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopograficzne	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopograficzne	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopograficzne	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopograficzne	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopograficzni	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopograficznych	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopograficznych	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopograficznych	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopograficznymi	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopograficznym	nietopograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopograficznym	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopograficznym	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopograficzny	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopograficzny	nietopograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopolnościach	nietopolność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolnościami	nietopolność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolnością	nietopolność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolności	nietopolność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolności	nietopolność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolności	nietopolność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolności	nietopolność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolności	nietopolność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolnościom	nietopolność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolność	nietopolność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolność	nietopolność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolna	nietopolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopolną	nietopolny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopolną	nietopolny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopolnego	nietopolny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopolnego	nietopolny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolnej	nietopolny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopolnej	nietopolny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopolnej	nietopolny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopolnemu	nietopolny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolne	nietopolny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolne	nietopolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolne	nietopolny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopolne	nietopolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopolni	nietopolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopolnych	nietopolny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopolnych	nietopolny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolnych	nietopolny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolnymi	nietopolny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolnym	nietopolny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolnym	nietopolny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolnym	nietopolny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolny	nietopolny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopolny	nietopolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopologicznie	nietopologicznie	adv:pos		
nietopologicznościach	nietopologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologicznościami	nietopologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologicznością	nietopologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczności	nietopologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczności	nietopologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczności	nietopologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczności	nietopologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczności	nietopologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologicznościom	nietopologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczność	nietopologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczność	nietopologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopologiczna	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopologiczną	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopologiczną	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopologicznego	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopologicznego	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopologicznej	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopologicznej	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopologicznej	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopologicznemu	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopologiczne	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopologiczne	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopologiczne	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopologiczne	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopologiczni	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopologicznych	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopologicznych	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopologicznych	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopologicznymi	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopologicznym	nietopologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopologicznym	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopologicznym	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopologiczny	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopologiczny	nietopologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopolowościach	nietopolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowościami	nietopolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowością	nietopolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowości	nietopolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowości	nietopolowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowości	nietopolowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowości	nietopolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowości	nietopolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowościom	nietopolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowość	nietopolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowość	nietopolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopolowa	nietopolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopolową	nietopolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopolową	nietopolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopolowego	nietopolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopolowego	nietopolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolowej	nietopolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopolowej	nietopolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopolowej	nietopolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopolowemu	nietopolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolowe	nietopolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolowe	nietopolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolowe	nietopolowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopolowe	nietopolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopolowi	nietopolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopolowych	nietopolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopolowych	nietopolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolowych	nietopolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolowymi	nietopolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolowym	nietopolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopolowym	nietopolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolowym	nietopolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopolowy	nietopolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopolowy	nietopolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoponimicznościach	nietoponimiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimicznościami	nietoponimiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimicznością	nietoponimiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczności	nietoponimiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczności	nietoponimiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczności	nietoponimiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczności	nietoponimiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczności	nietoponimiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimicznościom	nietoponimiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczność	nietoponimiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczność	nietoponimiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponimiczna	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoponimiczną	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoponimiczną	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoponimicznego	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoponimicznego	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponimicznej	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoponimicznej	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoponimicznej	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoponimicznemu	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponimiczne	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponimiczne	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponimiczne	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoponimiczne	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoponimiczni	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoponimicznych	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoponimicznych	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponimicznych	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponimicznymi	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponimicznym	nietoponimiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponimicznym	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponimicznym	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponimiczny	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoponimiczny	nietoponimiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoponomastycznościach	nietoponomastyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastycznościami	nietoponomastyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastycznością	nietoponomastyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczności	nietoponomastyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczności	nietoponomastyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczności	nietoponomastyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczności	nietoponomastyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczności	nietoponomastyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastycznościom	nietoponomastyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczność	nietoponomastyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczność	nietoponomastyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoponomastyczna	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoponomastyczną	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoponomastyczną	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoponomastycznego	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoponomastycznego	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponomastycznej	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoponomastycznej	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoponomastycznej	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoponomastycznemu	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponomastyczne	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponomastyczne	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponomastyczne	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoponomastyczne	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoponomastyczni	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoponomastycznych	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoponomastycznych	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponomastycznych	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponomastycznymi	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponomastycznym	nietoponomastyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoponomastycznym	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponomastycznym	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoponomastyczny	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoponomastyczny	nietoponomastyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopornie	nietopornie	adv:pos		
nietopornościach	nietoporność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopornościami	nietoporność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopornością	nietoporność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporności	nietoporność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporności	nietoporność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporności	nietoporność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporności	nietoporność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporności	nietoporność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopornościom	nietoporność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporność	nietoporność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporność	nietoporność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporna	nietoporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoporną	nietoporny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoporną	nietoporny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopornego	nietoporny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopornego	nietoporny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopornej	nietoporny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopornej	nietoporny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopornej	nietoporny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopornemu	nietoporny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoporne	nietoporny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporne	nietoporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporne	nietoporny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoporne	nietoporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoporni	nietoporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopornych	nietoporny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopornych	nietoporny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopornych	nietoporny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopornymi	nietoporny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopornym	nietoporny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopornym	nietoporny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopornym	nietoporny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoporny	nietoporny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoporny	nietoporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoporowościach	nietoporowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowościami	nietoporowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowością	nietoporowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowości	nietoporowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowości	nietoporowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowości	nietoporowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowości	nietoporowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowości	nietoporowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowościom	nietoporowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowość	nietoporowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowość	nietoporowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoporowa	nietoporowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoporową	nietoporowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoporową	nietoporowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoporowego	nietoporowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoporowego	nietoporowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoporowej	nietoporowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoporowej	nietoporowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoporowej	nietoporowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoporowemu	nietoporowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoporowe	nietoporowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporowe	nietoporowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporowe	nietoporowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoporowe	nietoporowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoporowi	nietoporowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoporowych	nietoporowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoporowych	nietoporowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporowych	nietoporowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporowymi	nietoporowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporowym	nietoporowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoporowym	nietoporowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoporowym	nietoporowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoporowy	nietoporowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoporowy	nietoporowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopowościach	nietopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowościami	nietopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowością	nietopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowości	nietopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowości	nietopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowości	nietopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowości	nietopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowości	nietopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowościom	nietopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowość	nietopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowość	nietopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopowa	nietopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopową	nietopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopową	nietopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopowego	nietopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopowego	nietopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopowej	nietopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopowej	nietopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopowej	nietopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopowemu	nietopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopowe	nietopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopowe	nietopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopowe	nietopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopowe	nietopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopowi	nietopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopowych	nietopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopowych	nietopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopowych	nietopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopowymi	nietopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopowym	nietopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopowym	nietopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopowym	nietopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopowy	nietopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopowy	nietopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopóleccy	nietopólecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietopólecka	nietopólecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietopólecką	nietopólecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietopólecką	nietopólecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietopóleckich	nietopólecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietopóleckich	nietopólecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopóleckich	nietopólecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopóleckiego	nietopólecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietopóleckiego	nietopólecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopóleckiej	nietopólecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietopóleckiej	nietopólecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietopóleckiej	nietopólecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietopóleckiemu	nietopólecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopóleckie	nietopólecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopóleckie	nietopólecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopóleckie	nietopólecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietopóleckie	nietopólecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietopóleckimi	nietopólecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopóleckim	nietopólecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietopóleckim	nietopólecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopóleckim	nietopólecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietopólecki	nietopólecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietopólecki	nietopólecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietopólecko	nietopólecko	adv:pos		
nietopóleckościach	nietopóleckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckościami	nietopóleckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckością	nietopóleckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckości	nietopóleckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckości	nietopóleckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckości	nietopóleckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckości	nietopóleckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckości	nietopóleckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckościom	nietopóleckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckość	nietopóleckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopóleckość	nietopóleckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzach	nietopyrz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzach	nietopyrz	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzami	nietopyrz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzami	nietopyrz	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrza	nietopyrz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrza	nietopyrz	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrza	nietopyrz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrza	nietopyrz	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzem	nietopyrz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzem	nietopyrz	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrze	nietopyrz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrze	nietopyrz	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrz	nietopyrz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrz	nietopyrz	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzom	nietopyrz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzom	nietopyrz	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzowi	nietopyrz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzowi	nietopyrz	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzów	nietopyrz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzu	nietopyrz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzu	nietopyrz	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzu	nietopyrz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietopyrzu	nietopyrz	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nietopyrzy	nietopyrz	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgicznościach	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgicznościami	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgicznością	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczności	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczności	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczności	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczności	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczności	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgicznościom	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczność	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczność	nietorakochirurgiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorakochirurgiczna	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczną	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczną	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznego	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznego	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznej	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznej	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznej	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznemu	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczne	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczne	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczne	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczne	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczni	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznych	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznych	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznych	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznymi	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznym	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznym	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgicznym	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczny	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorakochirurgiczny	nietorakochirurgiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorbiastościach	nietorbiastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastościami	nietorbiastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastością	nietorbiastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastości	nietorbiastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastości	nietorbiastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastości	nietorbiastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastości	nietorbiastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastości	nietorbiastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastościom	nietorbiastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastość	nietorbiastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiastość	nietorbiastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbiasta	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorbiastą	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorbiastą	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorbiastego	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorbiastego	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbiastej	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorbiastej	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorbiastej	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorbiastemu	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbiaste	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbiaste	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbiaste	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorbiaste	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorbiastych	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorbiastych	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbiastych	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbiastymi	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbiastym	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbiastym	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbiastym	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbiasty	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorbiasty	nietorbiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorbiaści	nietorbiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorbielowatościach	nietorbielowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatościami	nietorbielowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatością	nietorbielowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatości	nietorbielowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatości	nietorbielowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatości	nietorbielowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatości	nietorbielowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatości	nietorbielowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatościom	nietorbielowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatość	nietorbielowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowatość	nietorbielowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowaci	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorbielowata	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorbielowatą	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorbielowatą	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorbielowatego	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorbielowatego	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowatej	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorbielowatej	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorbielowatej	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorbielowatemu	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowate	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowate	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowate	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorbielowate	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorbielowatych	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorbielowatych	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowatych	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowatymi	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowatym	nietorbielowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowatym	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowatym	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowaty	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorbielowaty	nietorbielowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorbielowościach	nietorbielowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowościami	nietorbielowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowością	nietorbielowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowości	nietorbielowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowości	nietorbielowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowości	nietorbielowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowości	nietorbielowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowości	nietorbielowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowościom	nietorbielowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowość	nietorbielowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowość	nietorbielowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbielowa	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorbielową	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorbielową	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorbielowego	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorbielowego	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowej	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorbielowej	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorbielowej	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorbielowemu	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowe	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowe	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowe	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorbielowe	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorbielowi	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorbielowych	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorbielowych	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowych	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowymi	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowym	nietorbielowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbielowym	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowym	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbielowy	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorbielowy	nietorbielowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorbowościach	nietorbowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowościami	nietorbowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowością	nietorbowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowości	nietorbowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowości	nietorbowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowości	nietorbowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowości	nietorbowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowości	nietorbowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowościom	nietorbowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowość	nietorbowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowość	nietorbowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorbowa	nietorbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorbową	nietorbowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorbową	nietorbowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorbowego	nietorbowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorbowego	nietorbowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbowej	nietorbowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorbowej	nietorbowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorbowej	nietorbowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorbowemu	nietorbowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbowe	nietorbowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbowe	nietorbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbowe	nietorbowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorbowe	nietorbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorbowi	nietorbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorbowych	nietorbowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorbowych	nietorbowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbowych	nietorbowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbowymi	nietorbowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbowym	nietorbowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorbowym	nietorbowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbowym	nietorbowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorbowy	nietorbowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorbowy	nietorbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorebkarscy	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorebkarska	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorebkarską	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorebkarską	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorebkarskich	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorebkarskich	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkarskich	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkarskiego	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorebkarskiego	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkarskiej	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorebkarskiej	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorebkarskiej	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorebkarskiemu	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkarskie	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkarskie	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkarskie	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorebkarskie	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorebkarskimi	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkarskim	nietorebkarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkarskim	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkarskim	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkarski	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorebkarski	nietorebkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorebkarsko	nietorebkarsko	adv:pos		
nietorebkarskościach	nietorebkarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskościami	nietorebkarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskością	nietorebkarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskości	nietorebkarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskości	nietorebkarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskości	nietorebkarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskości	nietorebkarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskości	nietorebkarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskościom	nietorebkarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskość	nietorebkarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkarskość	nietorebkarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatościach	nietorebkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatościami	nietorebkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatością	nietorebkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatości	nietorebkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatości	nietorebkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatości	nietorebkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatości	nietorebkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatości	nietorebkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatościom	nietorebkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatość	nietorebkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowatość	nietorebkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowaci	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorebkowata	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorebkowatą	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorebkowatą	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorebkowatego	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorebkowatego	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowatej	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorebkowatej	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorebkowatej	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorebkowatemu	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowate	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowate	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowate	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorebkowate	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorebkowatych	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorebkowatych	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowatych	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowatymi	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowatym	nietorebkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowatym	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowatym	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowaty	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorebkowaty	nietorebkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorebkowościach	nietorebkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowościami	nietorebkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowością	nietorebkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowości	nietorebkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowości	nietorebkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowości	nietorebkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowości	nietorebkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowości	nietorebkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowościom	nietorebkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowość	nietorebkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowość	nietorebkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorebkowa	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorebkową	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorebkową	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorebkowego	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorebkowego	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowej	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorebkowej	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorebkowej	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorebkowemu	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowe	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowe	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowe	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorebkowe	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorebkowi	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorebkowych	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorebkowych	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowych	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowymi	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowym	nietorebkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorebkowym	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowym	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorebkowy	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorebkowy	nietorebkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorfiastościach	nietorfiastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastościami	nietorfiastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastością	nietorfiastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastości	nietorfiastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastości	nietorfiastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastości	nietorfiastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastości	nietorfiastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastości	nietorfiastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastościom	nietorfiastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastość	nietorfiastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiastość	nietorfiastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfiasta	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorfiastą	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorfiastą	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorfiastego	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorfiastego	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfiastej	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorfiastej	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorfiastej	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorfiastemu	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfiaste	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfiaste	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfiaste	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorfiaste	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorfiastych	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorfiastych	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfiastych	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfiastymi	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfiastym	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfiastym	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfiastym	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfiasty	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorfiasty	nietorfiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorfiaści	nietorfiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorfotwórczościach	nietorfotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczościami	nietorfotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczością	nietorfotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczości	nietorfotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczości	nietorfotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczości	nietorfotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczości	nietorfotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczości	nietorfotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczościom	nietorfotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczość	nietorfotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórczość	nietorfotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfotwórcza	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorfotwórczą	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorfotwórczą	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorfotwórczego	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorfotwórczego	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfotwórczej	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorfotwórczej	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorfotwórczej	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorfotwórczemu	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfotwórcze	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfotwórcze	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfotwórcze	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorfotwórcze	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorfotwórczych	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorfotwórczych	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfotwórczych	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfotwórczymi	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfotwórczym	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfotwórczym	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfotwórczym	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfotwórczy	nietorfotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorfotwórczy	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorfotwórczy	nietorfotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorfowiskowościach	nietorfowiskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowościami	nietorfowiskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowością	nietorfowiskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowości	nietorfowiskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowości	nietorfowiskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowości	nietorfowiskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowości	nietorfowiskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowości	nietorfowiskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowościom	nietorfowiskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowość	nietorfowiskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowość	nietorfowiskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowiskowa	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorfowiskową	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorfowiskową	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorfowiskowego	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorfowiskowego	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowej	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorfowiskowej	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorfowiskowej	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorfowiskowemu	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowe	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowe	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowe	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorfowiskowe	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorfowiskowi	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorfowiskowych	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorfowiskowych	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowych	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowymi	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowym	nietorfowiskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowym	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowym	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowiskowy	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorfowiskowy	nietorfowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorfowościach	nietorfowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowościami	nietorfowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowością	nietorfowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowości	nietorfowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowości	nietorfowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowości	nietorfowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowości	nietorfowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowości	nietorfowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowościom	nietorfowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowość	nietorfowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowość	nietorfowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorfowa	nietorfowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorfową	nietorfowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorfową	nietorfowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorfowego	nietorfowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorfowego	nietorfowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowej	nietorfowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorfowej	nietorfowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorfowej	nietorfowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorfowemu	nietorfowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowe	nietorfowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowe	nietorfowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowe	nietorfowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorfowe	nietorfowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorfowi	nietorfowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorfowych	nietorfowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorfowych	nietorfowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowych	nietorfowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowymi	nietorfowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowym	nietorfowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorfowym	nietorfowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowym	nietorfowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorfowy	nietorfowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorfowy	nietorfowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorownościach	nietorowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorownościami	nietorowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorownością	nietorowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowności	nietorowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowności	nietorowność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowności	nietorowność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowności	nietorowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowności	nietorowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorownościom	nietorowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowność	nietorowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowność	nietorowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowna	nietorowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorowną	nietorowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorowną	nietorowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorownego	nietorowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorownego	nietorowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorownej	nietorowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorownej	nietorowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorownej	nietorowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorownemu	nietorowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorowne	nietorowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowne	nietorowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowne	nietorowny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorowne	nietorowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorowni	nietorowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorownych	nietorowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorownych	nietorowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorownych	nietorowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorownymi	nietorowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorownym	nietorowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorownym	nietorowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorownym	nietorowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorowny	nietorowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorowny	nietorowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorowościach	nietorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowościami	nietorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowością	nietorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowości	nietorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowości	nietorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowości	nietorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowości	nietorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowości	nietorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowościom	nietorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowość	nietorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowość	nietorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorowa	nietorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorową	nietorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorową	nietorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorowego	nietorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorowego	nietorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorowej	nietorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorowej	nietorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorowej	nietorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorowemu	nietorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorowe	nietorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowe	nietorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowe	nietorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorowe	nietorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorowi	nietorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorowych	nietorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorowych	nietorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowych	nietorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowymi	nietorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowym	nietorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorowym	nietorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorowym	nietorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorowy	nietorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorowy	nietorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorpedowościach	nietorpedowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowościami	nietorpedowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowością	nietorpedowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowości	nietorpedowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowości	nietorpedowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowości	nietorpedowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowości	nietorpedowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowości	nietorpedowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowościom	nietorpedowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowość	nietorpedowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowość	nietorpedowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorpedowa	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorpedową	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorpedową	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorpedowego	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorpedowego	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorpedowej	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorpedowej	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorpedowej	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorpedowemu	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorpedowe	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorpedowe	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorpedowe	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorpedowe	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorpedowi	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorpedowych	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorpedowych	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorpedowych	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorpedowymi	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorpedowym	nietorpedowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorpedowym	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorpedowym	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorpedowy	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorpedowy	nietorpedowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorsyjnościach	nietorsyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjnościami	nietorsyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjnością	nietorsyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjności	nietorsyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjności	nietorsyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjności	nietorsyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjności	nietorsyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjności	nietorsyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjnościom	nietorsyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjność	nietorsyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjność	nietorsyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorsyjna	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorsyjną	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorsyjną	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorsyjnego	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorsyjnego	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorsyjnej	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorsyjnej	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorsyjnej	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorsyjnemu	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorsyjne	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorsyjne	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorsyjne	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorsyjne	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorsyjni	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorsyjnych	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorsyjnych	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorsyjnych	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorsyjnymi	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorsyjnym	nietorsyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorsyjnym	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorsyjnym	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorsyjny	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorsyjny	nietorsyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietortowościach	nietortowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowościami	nietortowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowością	nietortowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowości	nietortowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowości	nietortowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowości	nietortowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowości	nietortowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowości	nietortowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowościom	nietortowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowość	nietortowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowość	nietortowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietortowa	nietortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietortową	nietortowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietortową	nietortowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietortowego	nietortowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietortowego	nietortowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietortowej	nietortowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietortowej	nietortowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietortowej	nietortowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietortowemu	nietortowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietortowe	nietortowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietortowe	nietortowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietortowe	nietortowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietortowe	nietortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietortowi	nietortowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietortowych	nietortowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietortowych	nietortowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietortowych	nietortowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietortowymi	nietortowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietortowym	nietortowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietortowym	nietortowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietortowym	nietortowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietortowy	nietortowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietortowy	nietortowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorturalnościach	nietorturalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalnościami	nietorturalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalnością	nietorturalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalności	nietorturalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalności	nietorturalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalności	nietorturalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalności	nietorturalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalności	nietorturalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalnościom	nietorturalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalność	nietorturalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalność	nietorturalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturalna	nietorturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorturalną	nietorturalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorturalną	nietorturalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorturalnego	nietorturalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorturalnego	nietorturalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturalnej	nietorturalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorturalnej	nietorturalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorturalnej	nietorturalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorturalnemu	nietorturalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturalne	nietorturalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturalne	nietorturalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturalne	nietorturalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorturalne	nietorturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorturalni	nietorturalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorturalnych	nietorturalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorturalnych	nietorturalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturalnych	nietorturalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturalnymi	nietorturalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturalnym	nietorturalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturalnym	nietorturalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturalnym	nietorturalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturalny	nietorturalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorturalny	nietorturalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorturowościach	nietorturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowościami	nietorturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowością	nietorturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowości	nietorturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowości	nietorturowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowości	nietorturowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowości	nietorturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowości	nietorturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowościom	nietorturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowość	nietorturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowość	nietorturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorturowa	nietorturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorturową	nietorturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorturową	nietorturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorturowego	nietorturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorturowego	nietorturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturowej	nietorturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorturowej	nietorturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorturowej	nietorturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorturowemu	nietorturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturowe	nietorturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturowe	nietorturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturowe	nietorturowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorturowe	nietorturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorturowi	nietorturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorturowych	nietorturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorturowych	nietorturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturowych	nietorturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturowymi	nietorturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturowym	nietorturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorturowym	nietorturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturowym	nietorturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorturowy	nietorturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorturowy	nietorturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoruńscy	nietoruński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoruńska	nietoruński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoruńską	nietoruński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoruńską	nietoruński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoruńskich	nietoruński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoruńskich	nietoruński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoruńskich	nietoruński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoruńskiego	nietoruński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoruńskiego	nietoruński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoruńskiej	nietoruński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoruńskiej	nietoruński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoruńskiej	nietoruński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoruńskiemu	nietoruński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoruńskie	nietoruński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoruńskie	nietoruński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoruńskie	nietoruński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoruńskie	nietoruński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoruńskimi	nietoruński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoruńskim	nietoruński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoruńskim	nietoruński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoruńskim	nietoruński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoruński	nietoruński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoruński	nietoruński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoruńsko	nietoruńsko	adv:pos		
nietoruńskościach	nietoruńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskościami	nietoruńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskością	nietoruńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskości	nietoruńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskości	nietoruńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskości	nietoruńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskości	nietoruńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskości	nietoruńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskościom	nietoruńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskość	nietoruńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoruńskość	nietoruńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowscy	nietorysowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorysowska	nietorysowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorysowską	nietorysowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorysowską	nietorysowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorysowskich	nietorysowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorysowskich	nietorysowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorysowskich	nietorysowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorysowskiego	nietorysowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorysowskiego	nietorysowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorysowskiej	nietorysowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorysowskiej	nietorysowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorysowskiej	nietorysowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorysowskiemu	nietorysowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorysowskie	nietorysowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorysowskie	nietorysowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorysowskie	nietorysowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorysowskie	nietorysowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorysowskimi	nietorysowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorysowskim	nietorysowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorysowskim	nietorysowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorysowskim	nietorysowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorysowski	nietorysowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorysowski	nietorysowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorysowsko	nietorysowsko	adv:pos		
nietorysowskościach	nietorysowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskościami	nietorysowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskością	nietorysowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskości	nietorysowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskości	nietorysowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskości	nietorysowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskości	nietorysowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskości	nietorysowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskościom	nietorysowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskość	nietorysowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorysowskość	nietorysowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymscy	nietorzymski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietorzymska	nietorzymski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietorzymską	nietorzymski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietorzymską	nietorzymski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietorzymskich	nietorzymski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietorzymskich	nietorzymski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorzymskich	nietorzymski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorzymskiego	nietorzymski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietorzymskiego	nietorzymski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorzymskiej	nietorzymski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietorzymskiej	nietorzymski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietorzymskiej	nietorzymski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietorzymskiemu	nietorzymski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorzymskie	nietorzymski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorzymskie	nietorzymski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorzymskie	nietorzymski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietorzymskie	nietorzymski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietorzymskimi	nietorzymski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorzymskim	nietorzymski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietorzymskim	nietorzymski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorzymskim	nietorzymski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietorzymski	nietorzymski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietorzymski	nietorzymski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietorzymsko	nietorzymsko	adv:pos		
nietorzymskościach	nietorzymskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskościami	nietorzymskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskością	nietorzymskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskości	nietorzymskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskości	nietorzymskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskości	nietorzymskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskości	nietorzymskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskości	nietorzymskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskościom	nietorzymskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskość	nietorzymskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietorzymskość	nietorzymskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańscy	nietoskański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietoskańska	nietoskański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietoskańską	nietoskański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietoskańską	nietoskański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietoskańskich	nietoskański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietoskańskich	nietoskański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoskańskich	nietoskański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoskańskiego	nietoskański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietoskańskiego	nietoskański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoskańskiej	nietoskański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietoskańskiej	nietoskański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietoskańskiej	nietoskański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietoskańskiemu	nietoskański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoskańskie	nietoskański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoskańskie	nietoskański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoskańskie	nietoskański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietoskańskie	nietoskański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietoskańskimi	nietoskański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoskańskim	nietoskański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietoskańskim	nietoskański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoskańskim	nietoskański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietoskański	nietoskański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietoskański	nietoskański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietoskańsko	nietoskańsko	adv:pos		
nietoskańskościach	nietoskańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskościami	nietoskańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskością	nietoskańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskości	nietoskańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskości	nietoskańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskości	nietoskańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskości	nietoskańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskości	nietoskańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskościom	nietoskańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskość	nietoskańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoskańskość	nietoskańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowościach	nietostowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowościami	nietostowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowością	nietostowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowości	nietostowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowości	nietostowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowości	nietostowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowości	nietostowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowości	nietostowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowościom	nietostowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowość	nietostowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowość	nietostowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietostowa	nietostowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietostową	nietostowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietostową	nietostowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietostowego	nietostowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietostowego	nietostowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietostowej	nietostowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietostowej	nietostowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietostowej	nietostowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietostowemu	nietostowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietostowe	nietostowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietostowe	nietostowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietostowe	nietostowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietostowe	nietostowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietostowi	nietostowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietostowych	nietostowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietostowych	nietostowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietostowych	nietostowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietostowymi	nietostowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietostowym	nietostowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietostowym	nietostowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietostowym	nietostowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietostowy	nietostowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietostowy	nietostowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietocie	nietota	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotach	nietota	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotami	nietota	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietota	nietota	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotą	nietota	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotę	nietota	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietot	nietota	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotom	nietota	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoto	nietota	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoty	nietota	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietoty	nietota	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistycznościach	nietotalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistycznościami	nietotalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistycznością	nietotalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczności	nietotalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczności	nietotalistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczności	nietotalistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczności	nietotalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczności	nietotalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistycznościom	nietotalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczność	nietotalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczność	nietotalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalistyczna	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotalistyczną	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotalistyczną	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotalistycznego	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotalistycznego	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalistycznej	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotalistycznej	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotalistycznej	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotalistycznemu	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalistyczne	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalistyczne	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalistyczne	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotalistyczne	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotalistyczni	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotalistycznych	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotalistycznych	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalistycznych	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalistycznymi	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalistycznym	nietotalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalistycznym	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalistycznym	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalistyczny	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotalistyczny	nietotalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotalitarnie	nietotalitarnie	adv:pos		
nietotalitarnościach	nietotalitarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarnościami	nietotalitarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarnością	nietotalitarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarności	nietotalitarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarności	nietotalitarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarności	nietotalitarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarności	nietotalitarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarności	nietotalitarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarnościom	nietotalitarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarność	nietotalitarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarność	nietotalitarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalitarna	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotalitarną	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotalitarną	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotalitarnego	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotalitarnego	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarnej	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotalitarnej	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotalitarnej	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotalitarnemu	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarne	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarne	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarne	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotalitarne	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotalitarni	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotalitarnych	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotalitarnych	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarnych	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarnymi	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarnym	nietotalitarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarnym	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarnym	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarny	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotalitarny	nietotalitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotalitarystyczna	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotalitarystyczną	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotalitarystyczną	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotalitarystycznego	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotalitarystycznego	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarystycznej	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotalitarystycznej	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotalitarystycznej	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotalitarystycznemu	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarystyczne	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarystyczne	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarystyczne	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotalitarystyczne	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotalitarystyczni	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotalitarystycznych	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotalitarystycznych	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarystycznych	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarystycznymi	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarystycznym	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalitarystycznym	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarystycznym	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalitarystyczny	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotalitarystyczny	nietotalitarystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotalniaccy	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotalniacka	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotalniacką	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotalniacką	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotalniackich	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotalniackich	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalniackich	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalniackiego	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotalniackiego	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalniackiej	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotalniackiej	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotalniackiej	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotalniackiemu	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalniackie	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalniackie	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalniackie	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotalniackie	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotalniackimi	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalniackim	nietotalniacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalniackim	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalniackim	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalniacki	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotalniacki	nietotalniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotalniacko	nietotalniacko	adv:pos		
nietotalniackościach	nietotalniackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackościami	nietotalniackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackością	nietotalniackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackości	nietotalniackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackości	nietotalniackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackości	nietotalniackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackości	nietotalniackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackości	nietotalniackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackościom	nietotalniackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackość	nietotalniackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalniackość	nietotalniackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalnie	nietotalnie	adv:pos		
nietotalnościach	nietotalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalnościami	nietotalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalnością	nietotalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalności	nietotalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalności	nietotalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalności	nietotalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalności	nietotalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalności	nietotalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalnościom	nietotalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalność	nietotalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalność	nietotalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotalna	nietotalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotalną	nietotalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotalną	nietotalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotalnego	nietotalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotalnego	nietotalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalnej	nietotalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotalnej	nietotalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotalnej	nietotalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotalnemu	nietotalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalne	nietotalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalne	nietotalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalne	nietotalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotalne	nietotalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotalni	nietotalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotalnych	nietotalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotalnych	nietotalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalnych	nietotalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalnymi	nietotalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalnym	nietotalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotalnym	nietotalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalnym	nietotalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotalny	nietotalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotalny	nietotalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotemicznościach	nietotemiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemicznościami	nietotemiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemicznością	nietotemiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczności	nietotemiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczności	nietotemiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczności	nietotemiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczności	nietotemiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczności	nietotemiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemicznościom	nietotemiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczność	nietotemiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczność	nietotemiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemiczna	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotemiczną	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotemiczną	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotemicznego	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotemicznego	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemicznej	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotemicznej	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotemicznej	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotemicznemu	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemiczne	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemiczne	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemiczne	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotemiczne	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotemiczni	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotemicznych	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotemicznych	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemicznych	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemicznymi	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemicznym	nietotemiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemicznym	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemicznym	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemiczny	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotemiczny	nietotemiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotemistycznościach	nietotemistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistycznościami	nietotemistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistycznością	nietotemistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczności	nietotemistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczności	nietotemistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczności	nietotemistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczności	nietotemistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczności	nietotemistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistycznościom	nietotemistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczność	nietotemistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczność	nietotemistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotemistyczna	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotemistyczną	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotemistyczną	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotemistycznego	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotemistycznego	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemistycznej	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotemistycznej	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotemistycznej	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotemistycznemu	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemistyczne	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemistyczne	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemistyczne	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotemistyczne	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotemistyczni	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotemistycznych	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotemistycznych	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemistycznych	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemistycznymi	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemistycznym	nietotemistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotemistycznym	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemistycznym	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotemistyczny	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotemistyczny	nietotemistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotolotkowościach	nietotolotkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowościami	nietotolotkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowością	nietotolotkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowości	nietotolotkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowości	nietotolotkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowości	nietotolotkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowości	nietotolotkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowości	nietotolotkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowościom	nietotolotkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowość	nietotolotkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowość	nietotolotkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotolotkowa	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotolotkową	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotolotkową	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotolotkowego	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotolotkowego	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotolotkowej	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotolotkowej	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotolotkowej	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotolotkowemu	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotolotkowe	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotolotkowe	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotolotkowe	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotolotkowe	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotolotkowi	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotolotkowych	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotolotkowych	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotolotkowych	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotolotkowymi	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotolotkowym	nietotolotkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotolotkowym	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotolotkowym	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotolotkowy	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotolotkowy	nietotolotkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotumfaccy	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietotumfacka	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietotumfacką	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietotumfacką	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietotumfackich	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietotumfackich	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotumfackich	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotumfackiego	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietotumfackiego	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotumfackiej	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietotumfackiej	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietotumfackiej	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietotumfackiemu	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotumfackie	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotumfackie	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotumfackie	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietotumfackie	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietotumfackimi	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotumfackim	nietotumfacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietotumfackim	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotumfackim	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietotumfacki	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietotumfacki	nietotumfacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietotumfacko	nietotumfacko	adv:pos		
nietotumfackościach	nietotumfackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackościami	nietotumfackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackością	nietotumfackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackości	nietotumfackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackości	nietotumfackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackości	nietotumfackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackości	nietotumfackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackości	nietotumfackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackościom	nietotumfackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackość	nietotumfackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietotumfackość	nietotumfackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarnościach	nietowarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarnościami	nietowarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarnością	nietowarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarności	nietowarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarności	nietowarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarności	nietowarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarności	nietowarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarności	nietowarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarnościom	nietowarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarność	nietowarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarność	nietowarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarna	nietowarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietowarną	nietowarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietowarną	nietowarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietowarnego	nietowarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietowarnego	nietowarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarnej	nietowarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietowarnej	nietowarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietowarnej	nietowarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietowarnemu	nietowarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarne	nietowarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarne	nietowarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarne	nietowarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietowarne	nietowarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietowarni	nietowarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietowarnych	nietowarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietowarnych	nietowarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarnych	nietowarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarnymi	nietowarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarnym	nietowarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarnym	nietowarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarnym	nietowarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarny	nietowarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietowarny	nietowarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietowarowo	nietowarowo	adv:pos		
nietowarowościach	nietowarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowościami	nietowarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowością	nietowarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowości	nietowarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowości	nietowarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowości	nietowarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowości	nietowarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowości	nietowarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowościom	nietowarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowość	nietowarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowość	nietowarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarowa	nietowarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietowarową	nietowarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietowarową	nietowarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietowarowego	nietowarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietowarowego	nietowarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarowej	nietowarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietowarowej	nietowarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietowarowej	nietowarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietowarowemu	nietowarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarowe	nietowarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarowe	nietowarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarowe	nietowarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietowarowe	nietowarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietowarowi	nietowarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietowarowych	nietowarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietowarowych	nietowarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarowych	nietowarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarowymi	nietowarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarowym	nietowarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarowym	nietowarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarowym	nietowarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarowy	nietowarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietowarowy	nietowarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietowaroznawczościach	nietowaroznawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczościami	nietowaroznawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczością	nietowaroznawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczości	nietowaroznawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczości	nietowaroznawczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczości	nietowaroznawczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczości	nietowaroznawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczości	nietowaroznawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczościom	nietowaroznawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczość	nietowaroznawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawczość	nietowaroznawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowaroznawcza	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietowaroznawczą	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietowaroznawczą	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietowaroznawczego	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietowaroznawczego	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowaroznawczej	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietowaroznawczej	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietowaroznawczej	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietowaroznawczemu	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowaroznawcze	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowaroznawcze	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowaroznawcze	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietowaroznawcze	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietowaroznawczych	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietowaroznawczych	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowaroznawczych	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowaroznawczymi	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowaroznawczym	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowaroznawczym	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowaroznawczym	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowaroznawczy	nietowaroznawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietowaroznawczy	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietowaroznawczy	nietowaroznawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietowarzyscy	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietowarzyska	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietowarzyską	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietowarzyską	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietowarzyskich	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietowarzyskich	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarzyskich	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarzyskiego	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietowarzyskiego	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarzyskiej	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietowarzyskiej	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietowarzyskiej	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietowarzyskiemu	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarzyskie	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarzyskie	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarzyskie	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietowarzyskie	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietowarzyskimi	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarzyskim	nietowarzyski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietowarzyskim	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarzyskim	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietowarzyski	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietowarzyski	nietowarzyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietowarzysko	nietowarzysko	adv:pos		
nietowarzyskościach	nietowarzyskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskościami	nietowarzyskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskością	nietowarzyskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskości	nietowarzyskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskości	nietowarzyskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskości	nietowarzyskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskości	nietowarzyskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskości	nietowarzyskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskościom	nietowarzyskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskość	nietowarzyskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietowarzyskość	nietowarzyskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamo	nietożsamo	adv:pos		
nietożsamościowo	nietożsamościowo	adv:pos		
nietożsamościowościach	nietożsamościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowościami	nietożsamościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowością	nietożsamościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowości	nietożsamościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowości	nietożsamościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowości	nietożsamościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowości	nietożsamościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowości	nietożsamościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowościom	nietożsamościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowość	nietożsamościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowość	nietożsamościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościowa	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietożsamościową	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietożsamościową	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietożsamościowego	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietożsamościowego	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsamościowej	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietożsamościowej	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietożsamościowej	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietożsamościowemu	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsamościowe	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamościowe	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamościowe	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietożsamościowe	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietożsamościowi	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietożsamościowych	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietożsamościowych	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamościowych	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamościowymi	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamościowym	nietożsamościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamościowym	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsamościowym	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsamościowy	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietożsamościowy	nietożsamościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietożsamościach	nietożsamość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościami	nietożsamość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamością	nietożsamość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamości	nietożsamość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamości	nietożsamość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamości	nietożsamość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamości	nietożsamość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamości	nietożsamość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamościom	nietożsamość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamość	nietożsamość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsamość	nietożsamość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietożsama	nietożsamy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietożsamą	nietożsamy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietożsamą	nietożsamy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietożsamego	nietożsamy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietożsamego	nietożsamy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsamej	nietożsamy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietożsamej	nietożsamy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietożsamej	nietożsamy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietożsamemu	nietożsamy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsame	nietożsamy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsame	nietożsamy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsame	nietożsamy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietożsame	nietożsamy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietożsami	nietożsamy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietożsamych	nietożsamy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietożsamych	nietożsamy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamych	nietożsamy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamymi	nietożsamy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamym	nietożsamy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietożsamym	nietożsamy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsamym	nietożsamy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietożsamy	nietożsamy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietożsamy	nietożsamy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietracheotomijnościach	nietracheotomijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijnościami	nietracheotomijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijnością	nietracheotomijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijności	nietracheotomijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijności	nietracheotomijność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijności	nietracheotomijność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijności	nietracheotomijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijności	nietracheotomijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijnościom	nietracheotomijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijność	nietracheotomijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijność	nietracheotomijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracheotomijna	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietracheotomijną	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietracheotomijną	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietracheotomijnego	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietracheotomijnego	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietracheotomijnej	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietracheotomijnej	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietracheotomijnej	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietracheotomijnemu	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietracheotomijne	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracheotomijne	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracheotomijne	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietracheotomijne	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietracheotomijni	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietracheotomijnych	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietracheotomijnych	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracheotomijnych	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracheotomijnymi	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracheotomijnym	nietracheotomijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracheotomijnym	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietracheotomijnym	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietracheotomijny	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietracheotomijny	nietracheotomijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrachitowościach	nietrachitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowościami	nietrachitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowością	nietrachitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowości	nietrachitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowości	nietrachitowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowości	nietrachitowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowości	nietrachitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowości	nietrachitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowościom	nietrachitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowość	nietrachitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowość	nietrachitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachitowa	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrachitową	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrachitową	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrachitowego	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrachitowego	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachitowej	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrachitowej	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrachitowej	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrachitowemu	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachitowe	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachitowe	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachitowe	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrachitowe	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrachitowi	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrachitowych	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrachitowych	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachitowych	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachitowymi	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachitowym	nietrachitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachitowym	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachitowym	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachitowy	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrachitowy	nietrachitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrachoniccy	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrachonicka	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrachonicką	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrachonicką	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrachonickich	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrachonickich	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachonickich	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachonickiego	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrachonickiego	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachonickiej	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrachonickiej	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrachonickiej	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrachonickiemu	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachonickie	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachonickie	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachonickie	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrachonickie	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrachonickimi	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachonickim	nietrachonicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrachonickim	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachonickim	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrachonicki	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrachonicki	nietrachonicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrachonicko	nietrachonicko	adv:pos		
nietrachonickościach	nietrachonickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickościami	nietrachonickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickością	nietrachonickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickości	nietrachonickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickości	nietrachonickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickości	nietrachonickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickości	nietrachonickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickości	nietrachonickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickościom	nietrachonickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickość	nietrachonickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrachonickość	nietrachonickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraccy	nietracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietracka	nietracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietracką	nietracki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietracką	nietracki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrackich	nietracki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrackich	nietracki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrackich	nietracki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrackiego	nietracki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrackiego	nietracki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrackiej	nietracki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrackiej	nietracki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrackiej	nietracki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrackiemu	nietracki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrackie	nietracki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrackie	nietracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrackie	nietracki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrackie	nietracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrackimi	nietracki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrackim	nietracki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrackim	nietracki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrackim	nietracki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietracki	nietracki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietracki	nietracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietracko	nietracko	adv:pos		
nietrackościach	nietrackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackościami	nietrackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackością	nietrackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackości	nietrackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackości	nietrackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackości	nietrackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackości	nietrackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackości	nietrackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackościom	nietrackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackość	nietrackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrackość	nietrackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracznościach	nietraczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracznościami	nietraczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracznością	nietraczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczności	nietraczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczności	nietraczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczności	nietraczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczności	nietraczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczności	nietraczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietracznościom	nietraczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczność	nietraczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczność	nietraczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraczna	nietraczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraczną	nietraczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraczną	nietraczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietracznego	nietraczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietracznego	nietraczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietracznej	nietraczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietracznej	nietraczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietracznej	nietraczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietracznemu	nietraczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraczne	nietraczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraczne	nietraczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraczne	nietraczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraczne	nietraczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraczni	nietraczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietracznych	nietraczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietracznych	nietraczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracznych	nietraczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracznymi	nietraczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracznym	nietraczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietracznym	nietraczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietracznym	nietraczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraczny	nietraczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraczny	nietraczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznie	nietradycjonalistycznie	adv:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznościach	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistycznościami	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistycznością	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczności	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczności	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczności	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczności	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczności	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistycznościom	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczność	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczność	nietradycjonalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalistyczna	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczną	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczną	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznego	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznego	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznej	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznej	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznej	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznemu	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczne	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczne	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczne	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczne	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczni	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznych	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznych	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznych	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznymi	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznym	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznym	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistycznym	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczny	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietradycjonalistyczny	nietradycjonalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietradycjonalnie	nietradycjonalnie	adv:pos		
nietradycjonalnościach	nietradycjonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalnościami	nietradycjonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalnością	nietradycjonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalności	nietradycjonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalności	nietradycjonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalności	nietradycjonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalności	nietradycjonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalności	nietradycjonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalnościom	nietradycjonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalność	nietradycjonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalność	nietradycjonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycjonalna	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietradycjonalną	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietradycjonalną	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietradycjonalnego	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietradycjonalnego	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalnej	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietradycjonalnej	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietradycjonalnej	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietradycjonalnemu	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalne	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalne	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalne	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietradycjonalne	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietradycjonalni	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietradycjonalnych	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietradycjonalnych	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalnych	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalnymi	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalnym	nietradycjonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycjonalnym	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalnym	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycjonalny	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietradycjonalny	nietradycjonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietradycyjnie	nietradycyjnie	adv:pos		
nietradycyjnościach	nietradycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjnościami	nietradycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjnością	nietradycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjności	nietradycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjności	nietradycyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjności	nietradycyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjności	nietradycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjności	nietradycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjnościom	nietradycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjność	nietradycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjność	nietradycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietradycyjna	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietradycyjną	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietradycyjną	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietradycyjnego	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietradycyjnego	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycyjnej	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietradycyjnej	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietradycyjnej	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietradycyjnemu	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycyjne	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycyjne	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycyjne	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietradycyjne	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietradycyjni	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietradycyjnych	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietradycyjnych	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycyjnych	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycyjnymi	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycyjnym	nietradycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietradycyjnym	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycyjnym	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietradycyjny	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietradycyjny	nietradycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrafnie	nietrafnie	adv:pos		
nietrafnościach	nietrafność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafnościami	nietrafność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafnością	nietrafność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafności	nietrafność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafności	nietrafność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafności	nietrafność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafności	nietrafność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafności	nietrafność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafnościom	nietrafność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafność	nietrafność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafność	nietrafność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafna	nietrafny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrafną	nietrafny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrafną	nietrafny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrafnego	nietrafny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrafnego	nietrafny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafnej	nietrafny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrafnej	nietrafny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrafnej	nietrafny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrafnemu	nietrafny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafne	nietrafny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafne	nietrafny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafne	nietrafny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrafne	nietrafny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrafni	nietrafny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrafnych	nietrafny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrafnych	nietrafny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafnych	nietrafny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafnymi	nietrafny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafnym	nietrafny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafnym	nietrafny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafnym	nietrafny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafny	nietrafny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrafny	nietrafny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrafunkowo	nietrafunkowo	adv:pos		
nietrafunkowościach	nietrafunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowościami	nietrafunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowością	nietrafunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowości	nietrafunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowości	nietrafunkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowości	nietrafunkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowości	nietrafunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowości	nietrafunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowościom	nietrafunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowość	nietrafunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowość	nietrafunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrafunkowa	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrafunkową	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrafunkową	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrafunkowego	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrafunkowego	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafunkowej	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrafunkowej	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrafunkowej	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrafunkowemu	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafunkowe	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafunkowe	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafunkowe	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrafunkowe	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrafunkowi	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrafunkowych	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrafunkowych	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafunkowych	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafunkowymi	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafunkowym	nietrafunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrafunkowym	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafunkowym	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrafunkowy	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrafunkowy	nietrafunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietragankowościach	nietragankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowościami	nietragankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowością	nietragankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowości	nietragankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowości	nietragankowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowości	nietragankowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowości	nietragankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowości	nietragankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowościom	nietragankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowość	nietragankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowość	nietragankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragankowa	nietragankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietragankową	nietragankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietragankową	nietragankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietragankowego	nietragankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietragankowego	nietragankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragankowej	nietragankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietragankowej	nietragankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietragankowej	nietragankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietragankowemu	nietragankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragankowe	nietragankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragankowe	nietragankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragankowe	nietragankowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietragankowe	nietragankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietragankowi	nietragankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietragankowych	nietragankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietragankowych	nietragankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragankowych	nietragankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragankowymi	nietragankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragankowym	nietragankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragankowym	nietragankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragankowym	nietragankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragankowy	nietragankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietragankowy	nietragankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietragarscy	nietragarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietragarska	nietragarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietragarską	nietragarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietragarską	nietragarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietragarskich	nietragarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietragarskich	nietragarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragarskich	nietragarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragarskiego	nietragarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietragarskiego	nietragarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragarskiej	nietragarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietragarskiej	nietragarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietragarskiej	nietragarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietragarskiemu	nietragarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragarskie	nietragarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragarskie	nietragarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragarskie	nietragarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietragarskie	nietragarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietragarskimi	nietragarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragarskim	nietragarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragarskim	nietragarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragarskim	nietragarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragarski	nietragarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietragarski	nietragarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietragarsko	nietragarsko	adv:pos		
nietragarskościach	nietragarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskościami	nietragarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskością	nietragarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskości	nietragarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskości	nietragarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskości	nietragarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskości	nietragarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskości	nietragarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskościom	nietragarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskość	nietragarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragarskość	nietragarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowościach	nietragediowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowościami	nietragediowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowością	nietragediowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowości	nietragediowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowości	nietragediowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowości	nietragediowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowości	nietragediowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowości	nietragediowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowościom	nietragediowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowość	nietragediowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowość	nietragediowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragediowa	nietragediowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietragediową	nietragediowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietragediową	nietragediowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietragediowego	nietragediowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietragediowego	nietragediowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragediowej	nietragediowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietragediowej	nietragediowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietragediowej	nietragediowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietragediowemu	nietragediowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragediowe	nietragediowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragediowe	nietragediowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragediowe	nietragediowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietragediowe	nietragediowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietragediowi	nietragediowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietragediowych	nietragediowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietragediowych	nietragediowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragediowych	nietragediowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragediowymi	nietragediowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragediowym	nietragediowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragediowym	nietragediowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragediowym	nietragediowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragediowy	nietragediowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietragediowy	nietragediowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietragicznie	nietragicznie	adv:pos		
nietragicznościach	nietragiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragicznościami	nietragiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragicznością	nietragiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczności	nietragiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczności	nietragiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczności	nietragiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczności	nietragiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczności	nietragiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragicznościom	nietragiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczność	nietragiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczność	nietragiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragiczna	nietragiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietragiczną	nietragiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietragiczną	nietragiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietragicznego	nietragiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietragicznego	nietragiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragicznej	nietragiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietragicznej	nietragiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietragicznej	nietragiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietragicznemu	nietragiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragiczne	nietragiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragiczne	nietragiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragiczne	nietragiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietragiczne	nietragiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietragiczni	nietragiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietragicznych	nietragiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietragicznych	nietragiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragicznych	nietragiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragicznymi	nietragiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragicznym	nietragiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragicznym	nietragiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragicznym	nietragiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragiczny	nietragiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietragiczny	nietragiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietragifarsowościach	nietragifarsowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowościami	nietragifarsowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowością	nietragifarsowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowości	nietragifarsowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowości	nietragifarsowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowości	nietragifarsowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowości	nietragifarsowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowości	nietragifarsowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowościom	nietragifarsowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowość	nietragifarsowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowość	nietragifarsowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragifarsowa	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietragifarsową	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietragifarsową	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietragifarsowego	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietragifarsowego	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragifarsowej	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietragifarsowej	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietragifarsowej	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietragifarsowemu	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragifarsowe	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragifarsowe	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragifarsowe	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietragifarsowe	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietragifarsowi	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietragifarsowych	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietragifarsowych	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragifarsowych	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragifarsowymi	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragifarsowym	nietragifarsowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragifarsowym	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragifarsowym	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragifarsowy	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietragifarsowy	nietragifarsowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietragigroteskowa	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietragigroteskową	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietragigroteskową	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietragigroteskowego	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietragigroteskowego	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowej	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietragigroteskowej	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietragigroteskowej	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietragigroteskowemu	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowe	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowe	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowe	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietragigroteskowe	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietragigroteskowi	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietragigroteskowych	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietragigroteskowych	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowych	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowymi	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowym	nietragigroteskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowym	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowym	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragigroteskowy	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietragigroteskowy	nietragigroteskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietragikomicznie	nietragikomicznie	adv:pos		
nietragikomicznościach	nietragikomiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomicznościami	nietragikomiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomicznością	nietragikomiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczności	nietragikomiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczności	nietragikomiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczności	nietragikomiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczności	nietragikomiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczności	nietragikomiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomicznościom	nietragikomiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczność	nietragikomiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczność	nietragikomiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietragikomiczna	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietragikomiczną	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietragikomiczną	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietragikomicznego	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietragikomicznego	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragikomicznej	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietragikomicznej	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietragikomicznej	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietragikomicznemu	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragikomiczne	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragikomiczne	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragikomiczne	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietragikomiczne	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietragikomiczni	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietragikomicznych	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietragikomicznych	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragikomicznych	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragikomicznymi	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragikomicznym	nietragikomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietragikomicznym	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragikomicznym	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietragikomiczny	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietragikomiczny	nietragikomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraicznie	nietraicznie	adv:pos		
nietraicznościach	nietraiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraicznościami	nietraiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraicznością	nietraiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczności	nietraiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczności	nietraiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczności	nietraiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczności	nietraiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczności	nietraiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraicznościom	nietraiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczność	nietraiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczność	nietraiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraiczna	nietraiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraiczną	nietraiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraiczną	nietraiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraicznego	nietraiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraicznego	nietraiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraicznej	nietraiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraicznej	nietraiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraicznej	nietraiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraicznemu	nietraiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraiczne	nietraiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraiczne	nietraiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraiczne	nietraiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraiczne	nietraiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraiczni	nietraiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraicznych	nietraiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraicznych	nietraiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraicznych	nietraiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraicznymi	nietraiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraicznym	nietraiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraicznym	nietraiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraicznym	nietraiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraiczny	nietraiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraiczny	nietraiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrakcyjnościach	nietrakcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjnościami	nietrakcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjnością	nietrakcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjności	nietrakcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjności	nietrakcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjności	nietrakcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjności	nietrakcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjności	nietrakcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjnościom	nietrakcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjność	nietrakcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjność	nietrakcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakcyjna	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrakcyjną	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrakcyjną	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrakcyjnego	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrakcyjnego	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakcyjnej	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrakcyjnej	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrakcyjnej	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrakcyjnemu	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakcyjne	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakcyjne	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakcyjne	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrakcyjne	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrakcyjni	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrakcyjnych	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrakcyjnych	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakcyjnych	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakcyjnymi	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakcyjnym	nietrakcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakcyjnym	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakcyjnym	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakcyjny	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrakcyjny	nietrakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrakowościach	nietrakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowościami	nietrakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowością	nietrakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowości	nietrakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowości	nietrakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowości	nietrakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowości	nietrakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowości	nietrakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowościom	nietrakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowość	nietrakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowość	nietrakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrakowa	nietrakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrakową	nietrakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrakową	nietrakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrakowego	nietrakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrakowego	nietrakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakowej	nietrakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrakowej	nietrakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrakowej	nietrakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrakowemu	nietrakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakowe	nietrakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakowe	nietrakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakowe	nietrakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrakowe	nietrakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrakowi	nietrakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrakowych	nietrakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrakowych	nietrakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakowych	nietrakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakowymi	nietrakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakowym	nietrakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrakowym	nietrakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakowym	nietrakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrakowy	nietrakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrakowy	nietrakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraktatowo	nietraktatowo	adv:pos		
nietraktatowościach	nietraktatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowościami	nietraktatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowością	nietraktatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowości	nietraktatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowości	nietraktatowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowości	nietraktatowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowości	nietraktatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowości	nietraktatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowościom	nietraktatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowość	nietraktatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowość	nietraktatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktatowa	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraktatową	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraktatową	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraktatowego	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraktatowego	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktatowej	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraktatowej	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraktatowej	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraktatowemu	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktatowe	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktatowe	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktatowe	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraktatowe	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraktatowi	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraktatowych	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraktatowych	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktatowych	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktatowymi	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktatowym	nietraktatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktatowym	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktatowym	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktatowy	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraktatowy	nietraktatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraktorowościach	nietraktorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowościami	nietraktorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowością	nietraktorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowości	nietraktorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowości	nietraktorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowości	nietraktorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowości	nietraktorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowości	nietraktorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowościom	nietraktorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowość	nietraktorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowość	nietraktorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktorowa	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraktorową	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraktorową	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraktorowego	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraktorowego	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktorowej	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraktorowej	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraktorowej	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraktorowemu	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktorowe	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktorowe	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktorowe	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraktorowe	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraktorowi	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraktorowych	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraktorowych	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktorowych	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktorowymi	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktorowym	nietraktorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktorowym	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktorowym	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktorowy	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraktorowy	nietraktorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraktowościach	nietraktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowościami	nietraktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowością	nietraktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowości	nietraktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowości	nietraktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowości	nietraktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowości	nietraktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowości	nietraktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowościom	nietraktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowość	nietraktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowość	nietraktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraktowa	nietraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraktową	nietraktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraktową	nietraktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraktowego	nietraktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraktowego	nietraktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktowej	nietraktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraktowej	nietraktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraktowej	nietraktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraktowemu	nietraktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktowe	nietraktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktowe	nietraktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktowe	nietraktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraktowe	nietraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraktowi	nietraktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraktowych	nietraktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraktowych	nietraktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktowych	nietraktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktowymi	nietraktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktowym	nietraktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraktowym	nietraktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktowym	nietraktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraktowy	nietraktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraktowy	nietraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietralkowościach	nietralkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowościami	nietralkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowością	nietralkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowości	nietralkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowości	nietralkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowości	nietralkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowości	nietralkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowości	nietralkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowościom	nietralkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowość	nietralkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowość	nietralkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietralkowa	nietralkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietralkową	nietralkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietralkową	nietralkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietralkowego	nietralkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietralkowego	nietralkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietralkowej	nietralkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietralkowej	nietralkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietralkowej	nietralkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietralkowemu	nietralkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietralkowe	nietralkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietralkowe	nietralkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietralkowe	nietralkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietralkowe	nietralkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietralkowi	nietralkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietralkowych	nietralkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietralkowych	nietralkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietralkowych	nietralkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietralkowymi	nietralkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietralkowym	nietralkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietralkowym	nietralkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietralkowym	nietralkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietralkowy	nietralkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietralkowy	nietralkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrałowościach	nietrałowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowościami	nietrałowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowością	nietrałowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowości	nietrałowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowości	nietrałowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowości	nietrałowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowości	nietrałowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowości	nietrałowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowościom	nietrałowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowość	nietrałowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowość	nietrałowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrałowa	nietrałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrałową	nietrałowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrałową	nietrałowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrałowego	nietrałowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrałowego	nietrałowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrałowej	nietrałowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrałowej	nietrałowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrałowej	nietrałowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrałowemu	nietrałowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrałowe	nietrałowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrałowe	nietrałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrałowe	nietrałowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrałowe	nietrałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrałowi	nietrałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrałowych	nietrałowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrałowych	nietrałowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrałowych	nietrałowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrałowymi	nietrałowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrałowym	nietrałowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrałowym	nietrałowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrałowym	nietrałowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrałowy	nietrałowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrałowy	nietrałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrampingowościach	nietrampingowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowościami	nietrampingowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowością	nietrampingowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowości	nietrampingowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowości	nietrampingowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowości	nietrampingowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowości	nietrampingowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowości	nietrampingowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowościom	nietrampingowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowość	nietrampingowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowość	nietrampingowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampingowa	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrampingową	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrampingową	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrampingowego	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrampingowego	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampingowej	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrampingowej	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrampingowej	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrampingowemu	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampingowe	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampingowe	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampingowe	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrampingowe	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrampingowi	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrampingowych	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrampingowych	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampingowych	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampingowymi	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampingowym	nietrampingowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampingowym	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampingowym	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampingowy	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrampingowy	nietrampingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrampowościach	nietrampowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowościami	nietrampowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowością	nietrampowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowości	nietrampowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowości	nietrampowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowości	nietrampowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowości	nietrampowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowości	nietrampowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowościom	nietrampowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowość	nietrampowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowość	nietrampowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowscy	nietrampowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrampowska	nietrampowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrampowską	nietrampowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrampowską	nietrampowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrampowskich	nietrampowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrampowskich	nietrampowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowskich	nietrampowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowskiego	nietrampowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrampowskiego	nietrampowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowskiej	nietrampowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrampowskiej	nietrampowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrampowskiej	nietrampowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrampowskiemu	nietrampowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowskie	nietrampowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowskie	nietrampowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowskie	nietrampowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrampowskie	nietrampowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrampowskimi	nietrampowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowskim	nietrampowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowskim	nietrampowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowskim	nietrampowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowski	nietrampowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrampowski	nietrampowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrampowsko	nietrampowsko	adv:pos		
nietrampowskościach	nietrampowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskościami	nietrampowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskością	nietrampowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskości	nietrampowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskości	nietrampowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskości	nietrampowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskości	nietrampowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskości	nietrampowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskościom	nietrampowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskość	nietrampowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowskość	nietrampowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrampowa	nietrampowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrampową	nietrampowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrampową	nietrampowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrampowego	nietrampowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrampowego	nietrampowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowej	nietrampowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrampowej	nietrampowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrampowej	nietrampowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrampowemu	nietrampowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowe	nietrampowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowe	nietrampowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowe	nietrampowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrampowe	nietrampowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrampowi	nietrampowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrampowych	nietrampowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrampowych	nietrampowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowych	nietrampowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowymi	nietrampowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowym	nietrampowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrampowym	nietrampowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowym	nietrampowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrampowy	nietrampowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrampowy	nietrampowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietramwajarscy	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietramwajarska	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietramwajarską	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietramwajarską	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietramwajarskich	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietramwajarskich	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajarskich	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajarskiego	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietramwajarskiego	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajarskiej	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietramwajarskiej	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietramwajarskiej	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietramwajarskiemu	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajarskie	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajarskie	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajarskie	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietramwajarskie	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietramwajarskimi	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajarskim	nietramwajarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajarskim	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajarskim	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajarski	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietramwajarski	nietramwajarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietramwajarsko	nietramwajarsko	adv:pos		
nietramwajarskościach	nietramwajarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskościami	nietramwajarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskością	nietramwajarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskości	nietramwajarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskości	nietramwajarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskości	nietramwajarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskości	nietramwajarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskości	nietramwajarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskościom	nietramwajarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskość	nietramwajarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajarskość	nietramwajarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowościach	nietramwajowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowościami	nietramwajowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowością	nietramwajowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowości	nietramwajowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowości	nietramwajowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowości	nietramwajowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowości	nietramwajowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowości	nietramwajowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowościom	nietramwajowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowość	nietramwajowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowość	nietramwajowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietramwajowa	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietramwajową	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietramwajową	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietramwajowego	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietramwajowego	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajowej	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietramwajowej	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietramwajowej	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietramwajowemu	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajowe	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajowe	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajowe	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietramwajowe	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietramwajowi	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietramwajowych	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietramwajowych	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajowych	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajowymi	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajowym	nietramwajowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietramwajowym	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajowym	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietramwajowy	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietramwajowy	nietramwajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranowościach	nietranowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowościami	nietranowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowością	nietranowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowości	nietranowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowości	nietranowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowości	nietranowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowości	nietranowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowości	nietranowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowościom	nietranowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowość	nietranowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowość	nietranowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranowa	nietranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranową	nietranowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranową	nietranowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranowego	nietranowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranowego	nietranowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranowej	nietranowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranowej	nietranowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranowej	nietranowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranowemu	nietranowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranowe	nietranowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranowe	nietranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranowe	nietranowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranowe	nietranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranowi	nietranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranowych	nietranowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranowych	nietranowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranowych	nietranowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranowymi	nietranowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranowym	nietranowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranowym	nietranowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranowym	nietranowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranowy	nietranowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranowy	nietranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransakcyjnościach	nietransakcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjnościami	nietransakcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjnością	nietransakcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjności	nietransakcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjności	nietransakcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjności	nietransakcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjności	nietransakcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjności	nietransakcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjnościom	nietransakcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjność	nietransakcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjność	nietransakcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransakcyjna	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransakcyjną	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransakcyjną	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransakcyjnego	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransakcyjnego	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransakcyjnej	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransakcyjnej	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransakcyjnej	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransakcyjnemu	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransakcyjne	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransakcyjne	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransakcyjne	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransakcyjne	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransakcyjni	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransakcyjnych	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransakcyjnych	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransakcyjnych	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransakcyjnymi	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransakcyjnym	nietransakcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransakcyjnym	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransakcyjnym	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransakcyjny	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransakcyjny	nietransakcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransalpejscy	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransalpejska	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransalpejską	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransalpejską	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransalpejskich	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransalpejskich	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransalpejskich	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransalpejskiego	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransalpejskiego	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransalpejskiej	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransalpejskiej	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransalpejskiej	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransalpejskiemu	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransalpejskie	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransalpejskie	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransalpejskie	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransalpejskie	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransalpejskimi	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransalpejskim	nietransalpejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransalpejskim	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransalpejskim	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransalpejski	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransalpejski	nietransalpejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransalpejsko	nietransalpejsko	adv:pos		
nietransalpejskościach	nietransalpejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskościami	nietransalpejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskością	nietransalpejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskości	nietransalpejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskości	nietransalpejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskości	nietransalpejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskości	nietransalpejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskości	nietransalpejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskościom	nietransalpejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskość	nietransalpejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransalpejskość	nietransalpejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktycznościach	nietransarktyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktycznościami	nietransarktyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktycznością	nietransarktyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczności	nietransarktyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczności	nietransarktyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczności	nietransarktyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczności	nietransarktyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczności	nietransarktyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktycznościom	nietransarktyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczność	nietransarktyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczność	nietransarktyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransarktyczna	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransarktyczną	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransarktyczną	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransarktycznego	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransarktycznego	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransarktycznej	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransarktycznej	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransarktycznej	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransarktycznemu	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransarktyczne	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransarktyczne	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransarktyczne	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransarktyczne	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransarktyczni	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransarktycznych	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransarktycznych	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransarktycznych	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransarktycznymi	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransarktycznym	nietransarktyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransarktycznym	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransarktycznym	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransarktyczny	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransarktyczny	nietransarktyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransatlantyccy	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransatlantycka	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransatlantycką	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransatlantycką	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransatlantyckich	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransatlantyckich	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckich	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckiego	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransatlantyckiego	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckiej	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransatlantyckiej	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransatlantyckiej	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransatlantyckiemu	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckie	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckie	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckie	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransatlantyckie	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransatlantyckimi	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckim	nietransatlantycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckim	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransatlantyckim	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransatlantycki	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransatlantycki	nietransatlantycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransatlantycko	nietransatlantycko	adv:pos		
nietransatlantyckościach	nietransatlantyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckościami	nietransatlantyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckością	nietransatlantyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckości	nietransatlantyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckości	nietransatlantyckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckości	nietransatlantyckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckości	nietransatlantyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckości	nietransatlantyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckościom	nietransatlantyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckość	nietransatlantyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransatlantyckość	nietransatlantyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalnie	nietranscendentalnie	adv:pos		
nietranscendentalnościach	nietranscendentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalnościami	nietranscendentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalnością	nietranscendentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalności	nietranscendentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalności	nietranscendentalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalności	nietranscendentalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalności	nietranscendentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalności	nietranscendentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalnościom	nietranscendentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalność	nietranscendentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalność	nietranscendentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentalna	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranscendentalną	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranscendentalną	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranscendentalnego	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranscendentalnego	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentalnej	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranscendentalnej	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranscendentalnej	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranscendentalnemu	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentalne	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentalne	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentalne	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranscendentalne	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranscendentalni	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranscendentalnych	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranscendentalnych	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentalnych	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentalnymi	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentalnym	nietranscendentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentalnym	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentalnym	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentalny	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranscendentalny	nietranscendentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranscendentnie	nietranscendentnie	adv:pos		
nietranscendentnościach	nietranscendentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentnościami	nietranscendentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentnością	nietranscendentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentności	nietranscendentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentności	nietranscendentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentności	nietranscendentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentności	nietranscendentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentności	nietranscendentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentnościom	nietranscendentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentność	nietranscendentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentność	nietranscendentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranscendentna	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranscendentną	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranscendentną	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranscendentnego	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranscendentnego	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentnej	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranscendentnej	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranscendentnej	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranscendentnemu	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentne	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentne	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentne	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranscendentne	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranscendentni	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranscendentnych	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranscendentnych	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentnych	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentnymi	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentnym	nietranscendentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranscendentnym	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentnym	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranscendentny	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranscendentny	nietranscendentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranseuropejscy	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranseuropejska	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranseuropejską	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranseuropejską	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranseuropejskich	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranseuropejskich	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskich	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskiego	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranseuropejskiego	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskiej	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranseuropejskiej	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranseuropejskiej	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranseuropejskiemu	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskie	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskie	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskie	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranseuropejskie	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranseuropejskimi	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskim	nietranseuropejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskim	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranseuropejskim	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranseuropejski	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranseuropejski	nietranseuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranseuropejsko	nietranseuropejsko	adv:pos		
nietranseuropejskościach	nietranseuropejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskościami	nietranseuropejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskością	nietranseuropejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskości	nietranseuropejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskości	nietranseuropejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskości	nietranseuropejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskości	nietranseuropejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskości	nietranseuropejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskościom	nietranseuropejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskość	nietranseuropejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranseuropejskość	nietranseuropejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowościach	nietransferowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowościami	nietransferowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowością	nietransferowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowości	nietransferowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowości	nietransferowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowości	nietransferowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowości	nietransferowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowości	nietransferowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowościom	nietransferowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowość	nietransferowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowość	nietransferowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransferowa	nietransferowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransferową	nietransferowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransferową	nietransferowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransferowego	nietransferowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransferowego	nietransferowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransferowej	nietransferowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransferowej	nietransferowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransferowej	nietransferowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransferowemu	nietransferowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransferowe	nietransferowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransferowe	nietransferowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransferowe	nietransferowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransferowe	nietransferowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransferowi	nietransferowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransferowych	nietransferowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransferowych	nietransferowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransferowych	nietransferowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransferowymi	nietransferowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransferowym	nietransferowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransferowym	nietransferowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransferowym	nietransferowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransferowy	nietransferowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransferowy	nietransferowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransformacyjnościach	nietransformacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjnościami	nietransformacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjnością	nietransformacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjności	nietransformacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjności	nietransformacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjności	nietransformacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjności	nietransformacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjności	nietransformacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjnościom	nietransformacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjność	nietransformacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjność	nietransformacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformacyjna	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransformacyjną	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransformacyjną	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransformacyjnego	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransformacyjnego	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformacyjnej	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransformacyjnej	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransformacyjnej	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransformacyjnemu	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformacyjne	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformacyjne	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformacyjne	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransformacyjne	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransformacyjni	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransformacyjnych	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransformacyjnych	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformacyjnych	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformacyjnymi	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformacyjnym	nietransformacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformacyjnym	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformacyjnym	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformacyjny	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransformacyjny	nietransformacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransformatorowościach	nietransformatorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowościami	nietransformatorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowością	nietransformatorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowości	nietransformatorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowości	nietransformatorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowości	nietransformatorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowości	nietransformatorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowości	nietransformatorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowościom	nietransformatorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowość	nietransformatorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowość	nietransformatorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformatorowa	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransformatorową	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransformatorową	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransformatorowego	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransformatorowego	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformatorowej	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransformatorowej	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransformatorowej	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransformatorowemu	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformatorowe	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformatorowe	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformatorowe	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransformatorowe	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransformatorowi	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransformatorowych	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransformatorowych	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformatorowych	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformatorowymi	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformatorowym	nietransformatorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformatorowym	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformatorowym	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformatorowy	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransformatorowy	nietransformatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransformistycznościach	nietransformistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistycznościami	nietransformistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistycznością	nietransformistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczności	nietransformistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczności	nietransformistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczności	nietransformistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczności	nietransformistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczności	nietransformistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistycznościom	nietransformistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczność	nietransformistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczność	nietransformistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransformistyczna	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransformistyczną	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransformistyczną	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransformistycznego	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransformistycznego	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformistycznej	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransformistycznej	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransformistycznej	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransformistycznemu	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformistyczne	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformistyczne	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformistyczne	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransformistyczne	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransformistyczni	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransformistycznych	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransformistycznych	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformistycznych	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformistycznymi	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformistycznym	nietransformistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransformistycznym	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformistycznym	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransformistyczny	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransformistyczny	nietransformistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransfuzyjnościach	nietransfuzyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjnościami	nietransfuzyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjnością	nietransfuzyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjności	nietransfuzyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjności	nietransfuzyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjności	nietransfuzyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjności	nietransfuzyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjności	nietransfuzyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjnościom	nietransfuzyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjność	nietransfuzyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjność	nietransfuzyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransfuzyjna	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransfuzyjną	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransfuzyjną	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransfuzyjnego	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransfuzyjnego	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjnej	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransfuzyjnej	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransfuzyjnej	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransfuzyjnemu	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjne	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjne	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjne	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransfuzyjne	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransfuzyjni	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransfuzyjnych	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransfuzyjnych	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjnych	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjnymi	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjnym	nietransfuzyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjnym	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjnym	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransfuzyjny	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransfuzyjny	nietransfuzyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransgenicznościach	nietransgeniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgenicznościami	nietransgeniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgenicznością	nietransgeniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczności	nietransgeniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczności	nietransgeniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczności	nietransgeniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczności	nietransgeniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczności	nietransgeniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgenicznościom	nietransgeniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczność	nietransgeniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczność	nietransgeniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgeniczna	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransgeniczną	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransgeniczną	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransgenicznego	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransgenicznego	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgenicznej	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransgenicznej	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransgenicznej	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransgenicznemu	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgeniczne	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgeniczne	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgeniczne	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransgeniczne	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransgeniczni	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransgenicznych	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransgenicznych	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgenicznych	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgenicznymi	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgenicznym	nietransgeniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgenicznym	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgenicznym	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgeniczny	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransgeniczny	nietransgeniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransgranicznościach	nietransgraniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgranicznościami	nietransgraniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgranicznością	nietransgraniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczności	nietransgraniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczności	nietransgraniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczności	nietransgraniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczności	nietransgraniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczności	nietransgraniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgranicznościom	nietransgraniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczność	nietransgraniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczność	nietransgraniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransgraniczna	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransgraniczną	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransgraniczną	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransgranicznego	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransgranicznego	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgranicznej	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransgranicznej	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransgranicznej	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransgranicznemu	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgraniczne	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgraniczne	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgraniczne	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransgraniczne	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransgraniczni	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransgranicznych	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransgranicznych	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgranicznych	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgranicznymi	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgranicznym	nietransgraniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransgranicznym	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgranicznym	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransgraniczny	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransgraniczny	nietransgraniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranskontynentalnościach	nietranskontynentalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalnościami	nietranskontynentalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalnością	nietranskontynentalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalności	nietranskontynentalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalności	nietranskontynentalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalności	nietranskontynentalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalności	nietranskontynentalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalności	nietranskontynentalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalnościom	nietranskontynentalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalność	nietranskontynentalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalność	nietranskontynentalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskontynentalna	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranskontynentalną	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranskontynentalną	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranskontynentalnego	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranskontynentalnego	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalnej	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranskontynentalnej	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranskontynentalnej	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranskontynentalnemu	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalne	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalne	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalne	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranskontynentalne	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranskontynentalni	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranskontynentalnych	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranskontynentalnych	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalnych	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalnymi	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalnym	nietranskontynentalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalnym	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalnym	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskontynentalny	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranskontynentalny	nietranskontynentalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnościach	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjnościami	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjnością	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjności	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjności	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjności	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjności	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjności	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjnościom	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjność	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjność	nietranskrypcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskrypcyjna	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranskrypcyjną	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranskrypcyjną	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnego	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnego	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnej	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnej	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnej	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnemu	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjne	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjne	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjne	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjne	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjni	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnych	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnych	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnych	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnymi	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnym	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnym	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjnym	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskrypcyjny	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranskrypcyjny	nietranskrypcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranskulturowościach	nietranskulturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowościami	nietranskulturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowością	nietranskulturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowości	nietranskulturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowości	nietranskulturowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowości	nietranskulturowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowości	nietranskulturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowości	nietranskulturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowościom	nietranskulturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowość	nietranskulturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowość	nietranskulturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranskulturowa	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranskulturową	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranskulturową	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranskulturowego	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranskulturowego	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskulturowej	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranskulturowej	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranskulturowej	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranskulturowemu	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskulturowe	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskulturowe	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskulturowe	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranskulturowe	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranskulturowi	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranskulturowych	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranskulturowych	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskulturowych	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskulturowymi	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskulturowym	nietranskulturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranskulturowym	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskulturowym	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranskulturowy	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranskulturowy	nietranskulturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranslacyjnie	nietranslacyjnie	adv:pos		
nietranslacyjnościach	nietranslacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjnościami	nietranslacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjnością	nietranslacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjności	nietranslacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjności	nietranslacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjności	nietranslacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjności	nietranslacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjności	nietranslacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjnościom	nietranslacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjność	nietranslacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjność	nietranslacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslacyjna	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranslacyjną	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranslacyjną	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranslacyjnego	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranslacyjnego	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslacyjnej	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranslacyjnej	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranslacyjnej	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranslacyjnemu	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslacyjne	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslacyjne	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslacyjne	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranslacyjne	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranslacyjni	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranslacyjnych	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranslacyjnych	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslacyjnych	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslacyjnymi	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslacyjnym	nietranslacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslacyjnym	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslacyjnym	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslacyjny	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranslacyjny	nietranslacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranslatologicznościach	nietranslatologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologicznościami	nietranslatologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologicznością	nietranslatologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczności	nietranslatologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczności	nietranslatologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczności	nietranslatologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczności	nietranslatologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczności	nietranslatologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologicznościom	nietranslatologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczność	nietranslatologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczność	nietranslatologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatologiczna	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranslatologiczną	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranslatologiczną	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranslatologicznego	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranslatologicznego	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatologicznej	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranslatologicznej	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranslatologicznej	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranslatologicznemu	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatologiczne	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatologiczne	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatologiczne	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranslatologiczne	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranslatologiczni	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranslatologicznych	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranslatologicznych	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatologicznych	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatologicznymi	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatologicznym	nietranslatologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatologicznym	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatologicznym	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatologiczny	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranslatologiczny	nietranslatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranslatorscy	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranslatorska	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranslatorską	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranslatorską	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranslatorskich	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranslatorskich	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorskich	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorskiego	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranslatorskiego	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatorskiej	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranslatorskiej	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranslatorskiej	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranslatorskiemu	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatorskie	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorskie	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorskie	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranslatorskie	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranslatorskimi	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorskim	nietranslatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorskim	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatorskim	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatorski	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranslatorski	nietranslatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranslatorsko	nietranslatorsko	adv:pos		
nietranslatorskościach	nietranslatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskościami	nietranslatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskością	nietranslatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskości	nietranslatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskości	nietranslatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskości	nietranslatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskości	nietranslatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskości	nietranslatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskościom	nietranslatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskość	nietranslatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorskość	nietranslatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorycznościach	nietranslatoryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorycznościami	nietranslatoryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorycznością	nietranslatoryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczności	nietranslatoryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczności	nietranslatoryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczności	nietranslatoryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczności	nietranslatoryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczności	nietranslatoryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatorycznościom	nietranslatoryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczność	nietranslatoryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczność	nietranslatoryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranslatoryczna	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranslatoryczną	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranslatoryczną	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranslatorycznego	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranslatorycznego	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatorycznej	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranslatorycznej	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranslatorycznej	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranslatorycznemu	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatoryczne	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatoryczne	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatoryczne	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranslatoryczne	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranslatoryczni	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranslatorycznych	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranslatorycznych	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorycznych	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorycznymi	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorycznym	nietranslatoryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranslatorycznym	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatorycznym	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranslatoryczny	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranslatoryczny	nietranslatoryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransliteracyjnościach	nietransliteracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjnościami	nietransliteracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjnością	nietransliteracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjności	nietransliteracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjności	nietransliteracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjności	nietransliteracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjności	nietransliteracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjności	nietransliteracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjnościom	nietransliteracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjność	nietransliteracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjność	nietransliteracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransliteracyjna	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransliteracyjną	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransliteracyjną	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransliteracyjnego	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransliteracyjnego	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjnej	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransliteracyjnej	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransliteracyjnej	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransliteracyjnemu	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjne	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjne	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjne	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransliteracyjne	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransliteracyjni	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransliteracyjnych	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransliteracyjnych	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjnych	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjnymi	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjnym	nietransliteracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjnym	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjnym	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransliteracyjny	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransliteracyjny	nietransliteracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransmisyjnościach	nietransmisyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjnościami	nietransmisyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjnością	nietransmisyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjności	nietransmisyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjności	nietransmisyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjności	nietransmisyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjności	nietransmisyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjności	nietransmisyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjnościom	nietransmisyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjność	nietransmisyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjność	nietransmisyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransmisyjna	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransmisyjną	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransmisyjną	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransmisyjnego	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransmisyjnego	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransmisyjnej	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransmisyjnej	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransmisyjnej	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransmisyjnemu	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransmisyjne	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransmisyjne	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransmisyjne	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransmisyjne	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransmisyjni	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransmisyjnych	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransmisyjnych	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransmisyjnych	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransmisyjnymi	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransmisyjnym	nietransmisyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransmisyjnym	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransmisyjnym	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransmisyjny	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransmisyjny	nietransmisyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransoceanicznościach	nietransoceaniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceanicznościami	nietransoceaniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceanicznością	nietransoceaniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczności	nietransoceaniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczności	nietransoceaniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczności	nietransoceaniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczności	nietransoceaniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczności	nietransoceaniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceanicznościom	nietransoceaniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczność	nietransoceaniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczność	nietransoceaniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransoceaniczna	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransoceaniczną	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransoceaniczną	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransoceanicznego	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransoceanicznego	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransoceanicznej	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransoceanicznej	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransoceanicznej	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransoceanicznemu	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransoceaniczne	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransoceaniczne	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransoceaniczne	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransoceaniczne	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransoceaniczni	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransoceanicznych	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransoceanicznych	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransoceanicznych	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransoceanicznymi	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransoceanicznym	nietransoceaniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransoceanicznym	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransoceanicznym	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransoceaniczny	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransoceaniczny	nietransoceaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransowo	nietransowo	adv:pos		
nietransowościach	nietransowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowościami	nietransowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowością	nietransowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowości	nietransowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowości	nietransowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowości	nietransowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowości	nietransowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowości	nietransowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowościom	nietransowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowość	nietransowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowość	nietransowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransowa	nietransowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransową	nietransowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransową	nietransowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransowego	nietransowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransowego	nietransowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransowej	nietransowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransowej	nietransowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransowej	nietransowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransowemu	nietransowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransowe	nietransowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransowe	nietransowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransowe	nietransowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransowe	nietransowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransowi	nietransowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransowych	nietransowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransowych	nietransowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransowych	nietransowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransowymi	nietransowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransowym	nietransowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransowym	nietransowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransowym	nietransowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransowy	nietransowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransowy	nietransowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransparentnie	nietransparentnie	adv:pos		
nietransparentnościach	nietransparentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentnościami	nietransparentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentnością	nietransparentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentności	nietransparentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentności	nietransparentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentności	nietransparentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentności	nietransparentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentności	nietransparentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentnościom	nietransparentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentność	nietransparentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentność	nietransparentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentna	nietransparentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransparentną	nietransparentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransparentną	nietransparentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransparentnego	nietransparentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransparentnego	nietransparentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentnej	nietransparentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransparentnej	nietransparentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransparentnej	nietransparentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransparentnemu	nietransparentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentne	nietransparentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentne	nietransparentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentne	nietransparentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransparentne	nietransparentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransparentni	nietransparentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransparentnych	nietransparentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransparentnych	nietransparentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentnych	nietransparentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentnymi	nietransparentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentnym	nietransparentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentnym	nietransparentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentnym	nietransparentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentny	nietransparentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransparentny	nietransparentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransparentowo	nietransparentowo	adv:pos		
nietransparentowościach	nietransparentowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowościami	nietransparentowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowością	nietransparentowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowości	nietransparentowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowości	nietransparentowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowości	nietransparentowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowości	nietransparentowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowości	nietransparentowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowościom	nietransparentowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowość	nietransparentowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowość	nietransparentowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransparentowa	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransparentową	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransparentową	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransparentowego	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransparentowego	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentowej	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransparentowej	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransparentowej	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransparentowemu	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentowe	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentowe	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentowe	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransparentowe	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransparentowi	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransparentowych	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransparentowych	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentowych	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentowymi	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentowym	nietransparentowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransparentowym	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentowym	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransparentowy	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransparentowy	nietransparentowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranspiracyjnościach	nietranspiracyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjnościami	nietranspiracyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjnością	nietranspiracyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjności	nietranspiracyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjności	nietranspiracyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjności	nietranspiracyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjności	nietranspiracyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjności	nietranspiracyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjnościom	nietranspiracyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjność	nietranspiracyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjność	nietranspiracyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspiracyjna	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranspiracyjną	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranspiracyjną	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranspiracyjnego	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranspiracyjnego	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjnej	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranspiracyjnej	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranspiracyjnej	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranspiracyjnemu	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjne	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjne	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjne	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranspiracyjne	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranspiracyjni	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranspiracyjnych	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranspiracyjnych	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjnych	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjnymi	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjnym	nietranspiracyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjnym	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjnym	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspiracyjny	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranspiracyjny	nietranspiracyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransplanetarnościach	nietransplanetarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarnościami	nietransplanetarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarnością	nietransplanetarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarności	nietransplanetarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarności	nietransplanetarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarności	nietransplanetarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarności	nietransplanetarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarności	nietransplanetarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarnościom	nietransplanetarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarność	nietransplanetarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarność	nietransplanetarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplanetarna	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransplanetarną	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransplanetarną	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransplanetarnego	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransplanetarnego	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplanetarnej	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransplanetarnej	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransplanetarnej	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransplanetarnemu	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplanetarne	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplanetarne	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplanetarne	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransplanetarne	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransplanetarni	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransplanetarnych	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransplanetarnych	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplanetarnych	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplanetarnymi	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplanetarnym	nietransplanetarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplanetarnym	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplanetarnym	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplanetarny	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransplanetarny	nietransplanetarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransplantacyjnościach	nietransplantacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjnościami	nietransplantacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjnością	nietransplantacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjności	nietransplantacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjności	nietransplantacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjności	nietransplantacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjności	nietransplantacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjności	nietransplantacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjnościom	nietransplantacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjność	nietransplantacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjność	nietransplantacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantacyjna	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransplantacyjną	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransplantacyjną	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransplantacyjnego	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransplantacyjnego	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjnej	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransplantacyjnej	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransplantacyjnej	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransplantacyjnemu	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjne	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjne	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjne	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransplantacyjne	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransplantacyjni	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransplantacyjnych	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransplantacyjnych	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjnych	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjnymi	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjnym	nietransplantacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjnym	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjnym	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantacyjny	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransplantacyjny	nietransplantacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransplantologicznościach	nietransplantologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologicznościami	nietransplantologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologicznością	nietransplantologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczności	nietransplantologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczności	nietransplantologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczności	nietransplantologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczności	nietransplantologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczności	nietransplantologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologicznościom	nietransplantologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczność	nietransplantologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczność	nietransplantologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransplantologiczna	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransplantologiczną	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransplantologiczną	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransplantologicznego	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransplantologicznego	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantologicznej	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransplantologicznej	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransplantologicznej	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransplantologicznemu	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantologiczne	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantologiczne	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantologiczne	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransplantologiczne	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransplantologiczni	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransplantologicznych	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransplantologicznych	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantologicznych	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantologicznymi	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantologicznym	nietransplantologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransplantologicznym	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantologicznym	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransplantologiczny	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransplantologiczny	nietransplantologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranspolarnościach	nietranspolarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarnościami	nietranspolarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarnością	nietranspolarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarności	nietranspolarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarności	nietranspolarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarności	nietranspolarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarności	nietranspolarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarności	nietranspolarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarnościom	nietranspolarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarność	nietranspolarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarność	nietranspolarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspolarna	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranspolarną	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranspolarną	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranspolarnego	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranspolarnego	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspolarnej	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranspolarnej	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranspolarnej	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranspolarnemu	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspolarne	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspolarne	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspolarne	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranspolarne	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranspolarni	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranspolarnych	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranspolarnych	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspolarnych	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspolarnymi	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspolarnym	nietranspolarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspolarnym	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspolarnym	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspolarny	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranspolarny	nietranspolarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransporterowościach	nietransporterowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowościami	nietransporterowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowością	nietransporterowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowości	nietransporterowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowości	nietransporterowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowości	nietransporterowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowości	nietransporterowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowości	nietransporterowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowościom	nietransporterowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowość	nietransporterowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowość	nietransporterowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransporterowa	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransporterową	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransporterową	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransporterowego	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransporterowego	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransporterowej	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransporterowej	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransporterowej	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransporterowemu	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransporterowe	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransporterowe	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransporterowe	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransporterowe	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransporterowi	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransporterowych	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransporterowych	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransporterowych	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransporterowymi	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransporterowym	nietransporterowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransporterowym	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransporterowym	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransporterowy	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransporterowy	nietransporterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransportowościach	nietransportowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowościami	nietransportowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowością	nietransportowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowości	nietransportowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowości	nietransportowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowości	nietransportowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowości	nietransportowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowości	nietransportowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowościom	nietransportowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowość	nietransportowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowość	nietransportowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransportowa	nietransportowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransportową	nietransportowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransportową	nietransportowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransportowego	nietransportowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransportowego	nietransportowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransportowej	nietransportowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransportowej	nietransportowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransportowej	nietransportowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransportowemu	nietransportowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransportowe	nietransportowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransportowe	nietransportowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransportowe	nietransportowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransportowe	nietransportowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransportowi	nietransportowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransportowych	nietransportowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransportowych	nietransportowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransportowych	nietransportowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransportowymi	nietransportowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransportowym	nietransportowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransportowym	nietransportowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransportowym	nietransportowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransportowy	nietransportowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransportowy	nietransportowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranspozycyjnie	nietranspozycyjnie	adv:pos		
nietranspozycyjnościach	nietranspozycyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjnościami	nietranspozycyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjnością	nietranspozycyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjności	nietranspozycyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjności	nietranspozycyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjności	nietranspozycyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjności	nietranspozycyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjności	nietranspozycyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjnościom	nietranspozycyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjność	nietranspozycyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjność	nietranspozycyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranspozycyjna	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranspozycyjną	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranspozycyjną	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranspozycyjnego	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranspozycyjnego	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjnej	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranspozycyjnej	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranspozycyjnej	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranspozycyjnemu	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjne	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjne	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjne	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranspozycyjne	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranspozycyjni	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranspozycyjnych	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranspozycyjnych	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjnych	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjnymi	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjnym	nietranspozycyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjnym	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjnym	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranspozycyjny	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranspozycyjny	nietranspozycyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranssatelitarnie	nietranssatelitarnie	adv:pos		
nietranssatelitarnościach	nietranssatelitarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarnościami	nietranssatelitarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarnością	nietranssatelitarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarności	nietranssatelitarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarności	nietranssatelitarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarności	nietranssatelitarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarności	nietranssatelitarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarności	nietranssatelitarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarnościom	nietranssatelitarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarność	nietranssatelitarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarność	nietranssatelitarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssatelitarna	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranssatelitarną	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranssatelitarną	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranssatelitarnego	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranssatelitarnego	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarnej	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranssatelitarnej	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranssatelitarnej	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranssatelitarnemu	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarne	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarne	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarne	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranssatelitarne	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranssatelitarni	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranssatelitarnych	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranssatelitarnych	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarnych	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarnymi	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarnym	nietranssatelitarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarnym	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarnym	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssatelitarny	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranssatelitarny	nietranssatelitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranssyberyjscy	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranssyberyjska	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranssyberyjską	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranssyberyjską	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranssyberyjskich	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranssyberyjskich	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskich	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskiego	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranssyberyjskiego	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskiej	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranssyberyjskiej	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranssyberyjskiej	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranssyberyjskiemu	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskie	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskie	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskie	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskie	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskimi	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskim	nietranssyberyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskim	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjskim	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranssyberyjski	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranssyberyjski	nietranssyberyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranssyberyjsko	nietranssyberyjsko	adv:pos		
nietranssyberyjskościach	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskościami	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskością	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskości	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskości	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskości	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskości	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskości	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskościom	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskość	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranssyberyjskość	nietranssyberyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowościach	nietransuranowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowościami	nietransuranowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowością	nietransuranowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowości	nietransuranowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowości	nietransuranowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowości	nietransuranowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowości	nietransuranowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowości	nietransuranowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowościom	nietransuranowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowość	nietransuranowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowość	nietransuranowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransuranowa	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransuranową	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransuranową	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransuranowego	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransuranowego	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransuranowej	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransuranowej	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransuranowej	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransuranowemu	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransuranowe	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransuranowe	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransuranowe	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransuranowe	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransuranowi	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransuranowych	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransuranowych	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransuranowych	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransuranowymi	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransuranowym	nietransuranowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransuranowym	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransuranowym	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransuranowy	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransuranowy	nietransuranowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranswersalnościach	nietranswersalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalnościami	nietranswersalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalnością	nietranswersalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalności	nietranswersalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalności	nietranswersalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalności	nietranswersalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalności	nietranswersalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalności	nietranswersalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalnościom	nietranswersalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalność	nietranswersalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalność	nietranswersalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswersalna	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranswersalną	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranswersalną	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranswersalnego	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranswersalnego	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswersalnej	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranswersalnej	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranswersalnej	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranswersalnemu	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswersalne	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswersalne	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswersalne	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranswersalne	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranswersalni	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranswersalnych	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranswersalnych	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswersalnych	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswersalnymi	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswersalnym	nietranswersalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswersalnym	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswersalnym	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswersalny	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranswersalny	nietranswersalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranswestyccy	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranswestycka	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranswestycką	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranswestycką	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranswestyckich	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranswestyckich	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswestyckich	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswestyckiego	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranswestyckiego	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswestyckiej	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranswestyckiej	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranswestyckiej	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranswestyckiemu	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswestyckie	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswestyckie	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswestyckie	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranswestyckie	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranswestyckimi	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswestyckim	nietranswestycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranswestyckim	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswestyckim	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranswestycki	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranswestycki	nietranswestycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranswestycko	nietranswestycko	adv:pos		
nietranswestyckościach	nietranswestyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckościami	nietranswestyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckością	nietranswestyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckości	nietranswestyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckości	nietranswestyckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckości	nietranswestyckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckości	nietranswestyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckości	nietranswestyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckościom	nietranswestyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckość	nietranswestyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestyckość	nietranswestyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranswestycznie	nietranswestycznie	adv:pos		
nietranswestycznościach	nietranswestyczność	subst:pl:loc:f		
nietranswestycznościami	nietranswestyczność	subst:pl:inst:f		
nietranswestycznością	nietranswestyczność	subst:sg:inst:f		
nietranswestyczności	nietranswestyczność	subst:pl:gen:f		
nietranswestyczności	nietranswestyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nietranswestyczności	nietranswestyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nietranswestyczności	nietranswestyczność	subst:sg:gen:f		
nietranswestyczności	nietranswestyczność	subst:sg:voc:f		
nietranswestycznościom	nietranswestyczność	subst:pl:dat:f		
nietranswestyczność	nietranswestyczność	subst:sg:acc:f		
nietranswestyczność	nietranswestyczność	subst:sg:nom:f		
nietransylwańscy	nietransylwański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietransylwańska	nietransylwański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietransylwańską	nietransylwański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietransylwańską	nietransylwański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietransylwańskich	nietransylwański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietransylwańskich	nietransylwański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransylwańskich	nietransylwański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransylwańskiego	nietransylwański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietransylwańskiego	nietransylwański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransylwańskiej	nietransylwański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietransylwańskiej	nietransylwański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietransylwańskiej	nietransylwański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietransylwańskiemu	nietransylwański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransylwańskie	nietransylwański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransylwańskie	nietransylwański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransylwańskie	nietransylwański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietransylwańskie	nietransylwański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietransylwańskimi	nietransylwański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransylwańskim	nietransylwański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietransylwańskim	nietransylwański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransylwańskim	nietransylwański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietransylwański	nietransylwański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietransylwański	nietransylwański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietransylwańsko	nietransylwańsko	adv:pos		
nietransylwańskościach	nietransylwańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskościami	nietransylwańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskością	nietransylwańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskości	nietransylwańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskości	nietransylwańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskości	nietransylwańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskości	nietransylwańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskości	nietransylwańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskościom	nietransylwańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskość	nietransylwańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietransylwańskość	nietransylwańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowo	nietranzystorowo	adv:pos		
nietranzystorowościach	nietranzystorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowościami	nietranzystorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowością	nietranzystorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowości	nietranzystorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowości	nietranzystorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowości	nietranzystorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowości	nietranzystorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowości	nietranzystorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowościom	nietranzystorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowość	nietranzystorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowość	nietranzystorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzystorowa	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranzystorową	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranzystorową	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranzystorowego	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranzystorowego	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzystorowej	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranzystorowej	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranzystorowej	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranzystorowemu	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzystorowe	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzystorowe	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzystorowe	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranzystorowe	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranzystorowi	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranzystorowych	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranzystorowych	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzystorowych	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzystorowymi	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzystorowym	nietranzystorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzystorowym	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzystorowym	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzystorowy	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranzystorowy	nietranzystorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranzytowościach	nietranzytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowościami	nietranzytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowością	nietranzytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowości	nietranzytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowości	nietranzytowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowości	nietranzytowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowości	nietranzytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowości	nietranzytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowościom	nietranzytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowość	nietranzytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowość	nietranzytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytowa	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranzytową	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranzytową	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranzytowego	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranzytowego	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytowej	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranzytowej	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranzytowej	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranzytowemu	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytowe	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytowe	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytowe	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranzytowe	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranzytowi	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranzytowych	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranzytowych	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytowych	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytowymi	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytowym	nietranzytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytowym	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytowym	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytowy	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranzytowy	nietranzytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietranzytywnościach	nietranzytywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywnościami	nietranzytywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywnością	nietranzytywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywności	nietranzytywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywności	nietranzytywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywności	nietranzytywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywności	nietranzytywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywności	nietranzytywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywnościom	nietranzytywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywność	nietranzytywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywność	nietranzytywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietranzytywna	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietranzytywną	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietranzytywną	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietranzytywnego	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietranzytywnego	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytywnej	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietranzytywnej	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietranzytywnej	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietranzytywnemu	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytywne	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytywne	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytywne	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietranzytywne	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietranzytywni	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietranzytywnych	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietranzytywnych	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytywnych	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytywnymi	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytywnym	nietranzytywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietranzytywnym	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytywnym	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietranzytywny	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietranzytywny	nietranzytywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraperscy	nietraperski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraperska	nietraperski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraperską	nietraperski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraperską	nietraperski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraperskich	nietraperski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraperskich	nietraperski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraperskich	nietraperski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraperskiego	nietraperski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraperskiego	nietraperski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraperskiej	nietraperski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraperskiej	nietraperski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraperskiej	nietraperski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraperskiemu	nietraperski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraperskie	nietraperski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraperskie	nietraperski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraperskie	nietraperski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraperskie	nietraperski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraperskimi	nietraperski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraperskim	nietraperski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraperskim	nietraperski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraperskim	nietraperski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraperski	nietraperski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraperski	nietraperski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrapersko	nietrapersko	adv:pos		
nietraperskościach	nietraperskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskościami	nietraperskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskością	nietraperskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskości	nietraperskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskości	nietraperskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskości	nietraperskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskości	nietraperskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskości	nietraperskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskościom	nietraperskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskość	nietraperskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraperskość	nietraperskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalnie	nietrapezoidalnie	adv:pos		
nietrapezoidalnościach	nietrapezoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalnościami	nietrapezoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalnością	nietrapezoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalności	nietrapezoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalności	nietrapezoidalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalności	nietrapezoidalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalności	nietrapezoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalności	nietrapezoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalnościom	nietrapezoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalność	nietrapezoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalność	nietrapezoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezoidalna	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrapezoidalną	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrapezoidalną	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrapezoidalnego	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrapezoidalnego	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalnej	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrapezoidalnej	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrapezoidalnej	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrapezoidalnemu	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalne	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalne	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalne	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrapezoidalne	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrapezoidalni	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrapezoidalnych	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrapezoidalnych	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalnych	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalnymi	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalnym	nietrapezoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalnym	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalnym	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezoidalny	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrapezoidalny	nietrapezoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrapezowatościach	nietrapezowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatościami	nietrapezowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatością	nietrapezowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatości	nietrapezowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatości	nietrapezowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatości	nietrapezowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatości	nietrapezowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatości	nietrapezowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatościom	nietrapezowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatość	nietrapezowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowatość	nietrapezowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowaci	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrapezowata	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrapezowatą	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrapezowatą	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrapezowatego	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrapezowatego	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowatej	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrapezowatej	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrapezowatej	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrapezowatemu	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowate	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowate	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowate	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrapezowate	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrapezowatych	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrapezowatych	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowatych	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowatymi	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowatym	nietrapezowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowatym	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowatym	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowaty	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrapezowaty	nietrapezowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrapezowościach	nietrapezowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowościami	nietrapezowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowością	nietrapezowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowości	nietrapezowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowości	nietrapezowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowości	nietrapezowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowości	nietrapezowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowości	nietrapezowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowościom	nietrapezowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowość	nietrapezowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowość	nietrapezowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapezowa	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrapezową	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrapezową	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrapezowego	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrapezowego	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowej	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrapezowej	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrapezowej	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrapezowemu	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowe	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowe	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowe	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrapezowe	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrapezowi	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrapezowych	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrapezowych	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowych	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowymi	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowym	nietrapezowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapezowym	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowym	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapezowy	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrapezowy	nietrapezowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrapowościach	nietrapowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowościami	nietrapowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowością	nietrapowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowości	nietrapowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowości	nietrapowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowości	nietrapowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowości	nietrapowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowości	nietrapowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowościom	nietrapowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowość	nietrapowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowość	nietrapowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrapowa	nietrapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrapową	nietrapowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrapową	nietrapowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrapowego	nietrapowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrapowego	nietrapowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapowej	nietrapowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrapowej	nietrapowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrapowej	nietrapowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrapowemu	nietrapowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapowe	nietrapowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapowe	nietrapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapowe	nietrapowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrapowe	nietrapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrapowi	nietrapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrapowych	nietrapowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrapowych	nietrapowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapowych	nietrapowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapowymi	nietrapowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapowym	nietrapowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrapowym	nietrapowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapowym	nietrapowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrapowy	nietrapowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrapowy	nietrapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraserscy	nietraserski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraserska	nietraserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraserską	nietraserski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraserską	nietraserski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraserskich	nietraserski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraserskich	nietraserski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraserskich	nietraserski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraserskiego	nietraserski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraserskiego	nietraserski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraserskiej	nietraserski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraserskiej	nietraserski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraserskiej	nietraserski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraserskiemu	nietraserski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraserskie	nietraserski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraserskie	nietraserski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraserskie	nietraserski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraserskie	nietraserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraserskimi	nietraserski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraserskim	nietraserski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraserskim	nietraserski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraserskim	nietraserski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraserski	nietraserski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraserski	nietraserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrasersko	nietrasersko	adv:pos		
nietraserskościach	nietraserskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskościami	nietraserskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskością	nietraserskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskości	nietraserskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskości	nietraserskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskości	nietraserskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskości	nietraserskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskości	nietraserskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskościom	nietraserskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskość	nietraserskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraserskość	nietraserskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowościach	nietrasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowościami	nietrasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowością	nietrasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowości	nietrasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowości	nietrasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowości	nietrasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowości	nietrasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowości	nietrasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowościom	nietrasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowość	nietrasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowość	nietrasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrasowa	nietrasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrasową	nietrasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrasową	nietrasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrasowego	nietrasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrasowego	nietrasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrasowej	nietrasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrasowej	nietrasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrasowej	nietrasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrasowemu	nietrasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrasowe	nietrasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrasowe	nietrasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrasowe	nietrasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrasowe	nietrasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrasowi	nietrasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrasowych	nietrasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrasowych	nietrasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrasowych	nietrasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrasowymi	nietrasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrasowym	nietrasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrasowym	nietrasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrasowym	nietrasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrasowy	nietrasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrasowy	nietrasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietratwianościach	nietratwianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianościami	nietratwianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianością	nietratwianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianości	nietratwianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianości	nietratwianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianości	nietratwianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianości	nietratwianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianości	nietratwianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianościom	nietratwianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianość	nietratwianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwianość	nietratwianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwiana	nietratwiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietratwianą	nietratwiany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietratwianą	nietratwiany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietratwianego	nietratwiany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietratwianego	nietratwiany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwianej	nietratwiany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietratwianej	nietratwiany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietratwianej	nietratwiany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietratwianemu	nietratwiany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwiane	nietratwiany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwiane	nietratwiany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwiane	nietratwiany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietratwiane	nietratwiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietratwiani	nietratwiany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietratwianych	nietratwiany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietratwianych	nietratwiany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwianych	nietratwiany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwianymi	nietratwiany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwianym	nietratwiany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwianym	nietratwiany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwianym	nietratwiany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwiany	nietratwiany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietratwiany	nietratwiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietratwowościach	nietratwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowościami	nietratwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowością	nietratwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowości	nietratwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowości	nietratwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowości	nietratwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowości	nietratwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowości	nietratwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowościom	nietratwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowość	nietratwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowość	nietratwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietratwowa	nietratwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietratwową	nietratwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietratwową	nietratwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietratwowego	nietratwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietratwowego	nietratwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwowej	nietratwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietratwowej	nietratwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietratwowej	nietratwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietratwowemu	nietratwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwowe	nietratwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwowe	nietratwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwowe	nietratwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietratwowe	nietratwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietratwowi	nietratwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietratwowych	nietratwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietratwowych	nietratwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwowych	nietratwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwowymi	nietratwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwowym	nietratwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietratwowym	nietratwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwowym	nietratwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietratwowy	nietratwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietratwowy	nietratwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraumatologicznościach	nietraumatologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologicznościami	nietraumatologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologicznością	nietraumatologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczności	nietraumatologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczności	nietraumatologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczności	nietraumatologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczności	nietraumatologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczności	nietraumatologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologicznościom	nietraumatologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczność	nietraumatologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczność	nietraumatologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatologiczna	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraumatologiczną	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraumatologiczną	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraumatologicznego	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraumatologicznego	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatologicznej	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraumatologicznej	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraumatologicznej	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraumatologicznemu	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatologiczne	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatologiczne	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatologiczne	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraumatologiczne	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraumatologiczni	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraumatologicznych	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraumatologicznych	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatologicznych	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatologicznymi	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatologicznym	nietraumatologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatologicznym	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatologicznym	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatologiczny	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraumatologiczny	nietraumatologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietraumatycznie	nietraumatycznie	adv:pos		
nietraumatycznościach	nietraumatyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatycznościami	nietraumatyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatycznością	nietraumatyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczności	nietraumatyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczności	nietraumatyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczności	nietraumatyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczności	nietraumatyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczności	nietraumatyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatycznościom	nietraumatyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczność	nietraumatyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczność	nietraumatyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietraumatyczna	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietraumatyczną	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietraumatyczną	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietraumatycznego	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietraumatycznego	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatycznej	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietraumatycznej	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietraumatycznej	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietraumatycznemu	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatyczne	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatyczne	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatyczne	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietraumatyczne	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietraumatyczni	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietraumatycznych	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietraumatycznych	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatycznych	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatycznymi	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatycznym	nietraumatyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietraumatycznym	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatycznym	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietraumatyczny	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietraumatyczny	nietraumatyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawersowościach	nietrawersowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowościami	nietrawersowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowością	nietrawersowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowości	nietrawersowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowości	nietrawersowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowości	nietrawersowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowości	nietrawersowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowości	nietrawersowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowościom	nietrawersowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowość	nietrawersowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowość	nietrawersowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawersowa	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawersową	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawersową	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawersowego	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawersowego	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawersowej	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawersowej	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawersowej	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawersowemu	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawersowe	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawersowe	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawersowe	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawersowe	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawersowi	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawersowych	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawersowych	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawersowych	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawersowymi	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawersowym	nietrawersowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawersowym	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawersowym	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawersowy	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawersowy	nietrawersowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnościach	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtnościami	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtnością	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtności	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtności	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtności	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtności	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtności	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtnościom	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtność	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtność	nietrawiastokształtność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastokształtna	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawiastokształtną	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawiastokształtną	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnego	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnego	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnej	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnej	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnej	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnemu	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtne	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtne	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtne	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtne	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtni	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnych	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnych	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnych	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnymi	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnym	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnym	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtnym	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastokształtny	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawiastokształtny	nietrawiastokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawiastościach	nietrawiastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastościami	nietrawiastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastością	nietrawiastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastości	nietrawiastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastości	nietrawiastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastości	nietrawiastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastości	nietrawiastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastości	nietrawiastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastościom	nietrawiastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastość	nietrawiastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastość	nietrawiastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozielonościach	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozielonościami	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozielonością	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieloności	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieloności	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieloności	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieloności	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieloności	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozielonościom	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieloność	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieloność	nietrawiastozieloność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiastozieleni	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawiastozielona	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawiastozieloną	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawiastozieloną	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawiastozielonego	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawiastozielonego	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielonej	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawiastozielonej	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawiastozielonej	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawiastozielonemu	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielone	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielone	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielone	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawiastozielone	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawiastozieloni	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawiastozielonych	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawiastozielonych	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielonych	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielonymi	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielonym	nietrawiastozielony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielonym	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielonym	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastozielony	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawiastozielony	nietrawiastozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawiasta	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawiastą	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawiastą	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawiastego	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawiastego	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastej	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawiastej	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawiastej	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawiastemu	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiaste	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiaste	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiaste	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawiaste	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawiastych	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawiastych	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastych	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastymi	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastym	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiastym	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiastym	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiasty	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawiasty	nietrawiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawiaści	nietrawiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawiennościach	nietrawienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiennościami	nietrawienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiennością	nietrawienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienności	nietrawienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienności	nietrawienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienności	nietrawienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienności	nietrawienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienności	nietrawienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawiennościom	nietrawienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienność	nietrawienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienność	nietrawienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawienna	nietrawienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawienną	nietrawienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawienną	nietrawienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawiennego	nietrawienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawiennego	nietrawienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiennej	nietrawienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawiennej	nietrawienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawiennej	nietrawienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawiennemu	nietrawienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawienne	nietrawienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawienne	nietrawienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawienne	nietrawienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawienne	nietrawienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawienni	nietrawienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawiennych	nietrawienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawiennych	nietrawienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiennych	nietrawienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiennymi	nietrawienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiennym	nietrawienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiennym	nietrawienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiennym	nietrawienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawienny	nietrawienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawienny	nietrawienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawistościach	nietrawistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistościami	nietrawistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistością	nietrawistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistości	nietrawistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistości	nietrawistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistości	nietrawistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistości	nietrawistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistości	nietrawistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistościom	nietrawistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistość	nietrawistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawistość	nietrawistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawista	nietrawisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawistą	nietrawisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawistą	nietrawisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawistego	nietrawisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawistego	nietrawisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawistej	nietrawisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawistej	nietrawisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawistej	nietrawisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawistemu	nietrawisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawiste	nietrawisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiste	nietrawisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawiste	nietrawisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawiste	nietrawisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawistych	nietrawisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawistych	nietrawisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawistych	nietrawisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawistymi	nietrawisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawistym	nietrawisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawistym	nietrawisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawistym	nietrawisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawisty	nietrawisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawisty	nietrawisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawiści	nietrawisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawniccy	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawnicka	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawnicką	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawnicką	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawnickich	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawnickich	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnickich	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnickiego	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawnickiego	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnickiej	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawnickiej	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawnickiej	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawnickiemu	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnickie	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnickie	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnickie	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawnickie	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawnickimi	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnickim	nietrawnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnickim	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnickim	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnicki	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawnicki	nietrawnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawnicko	nietrawnicko	adv:pos		
nietrawnickościach	nietrawnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickościami	nietrawnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickością	nietrawnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickości	nietrawnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickości	nietrawnickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickości	nietrawnickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickości	nietrawnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickości	nietrawnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickościom	nietrawnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickość	nietrawnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnickość	nietrawnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowościach	nietrawnikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowościami	nietrawnikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowością	nietrawnikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowości	nietrawnikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowości	nietrawnikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowości	nietrawnikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowości	nietrawnikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowości	nietrawnikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowościom	nietrawnikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowość	nietrawnikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowość	nietrawnikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnikowa	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawnikową	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawnikową	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawnikowego	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawnikowego	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnikowej	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawnikowej	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawnikowej	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawnikowemu	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnikowe	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnikowe	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnikowe	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawnikowe	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawnikowi	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawnikowych	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawnikowych	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnikowych	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnikowymi	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnikowym	nietrawnikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnikowym	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnikowym	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnikowy	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawnikowy	nietrawnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawnościach	nietrawność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnościami	nietrawność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnością	nietrawność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawności	nietrawność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawności	nietrawność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawności	nietrawność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawności	nietrawność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawności	nietrawność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawnościom	nietrawność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawność	nietrawność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawność	nietrawność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawna	nietrawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawną	nietrawny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawną	nietrawny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawnego	nietrawny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawnego	nietrawny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnej	nietrawny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawnej	nietrawny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawnej	nietrawny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawnemu	nietrawny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawne	nietrawny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawne	nietrawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawne	nietrawny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawne	nietrawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawni	nietrawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawnych	nietrawny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawnych	nietrawny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnych	nietrawny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnymi	nietrawny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnym	nietrawny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawnym	nietrawny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawnym	nietrawny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawny	nietrawny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawny	nietrawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawopolnościach	nietrawopolność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolnościami	nietrawopolność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolnością	nietrawopolność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolności	nietrawopolność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolności	nietrawopolność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolności	nietrawopolność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolności	nietrawopolność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolności	nietrawopolność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolnościom	nietrawopolność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolność	nietrawopolność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolność	nietrawopolność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawopolna	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawopolną	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawopolną	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawopolnego	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawopolnego	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawopolnej	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawopolnej	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawopolnej	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawopolnemu	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawopolne	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawopolne	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawopolne	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawopolne	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawopolni	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawopolnych	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawopolnych	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawopolnych	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawopolnymi	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawopolnym	nietrawopolny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawopolnym	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawopolnym	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawopolny	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawopolny	nietrawopolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrawożernościach	nietrawożerność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożernościami	nietrawożerność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożernością	nietrawożerność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerności	nietrawożerność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerności	nietrawożerność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerności	nietrawożerność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerności	nietrawożerność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerności	nietrawożerność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożernościom	nietrawożerność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerność	nietrawożerność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerność	nietrawożerność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrawożerna	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrawożerną	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrawożerną	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrawożernego	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrawożernego	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawożernej	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrawożernej	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrawożernej	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrawożernemu	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawożerne	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawożerne	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawożerne	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrawożerne	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrawożerni	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrawożernych	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrawożernych	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawożernych	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawożernymi	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawożernym	nietrawożerny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrawożernym	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawożernym	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrawożerny	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrawożerny	nietrawożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrazymeńscy	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrazymeńska	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrazymeńską	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrazymeńską	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrazymeńskich	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrazymeńskich	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskich	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskiego	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrazymeńskiego	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskiej	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrazymeńskiej	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrazymeńskiej	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrazymeńskiemu	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskie	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskie	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskie	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrazymeńskie	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrazymeńskimi	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskim	nietrazymeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskim	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrazymeńskim	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrazymeński	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrazymeński	nietrazymeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrazymeńsko	nietrazymeńsko	adv:pos		
nietrazymeńskościach	nietrazymeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskościami	nietrazymeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskością	nietrazymeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskości	nietrazymeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskości	nietrazymeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskości	nietrazymeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskości	nietrazymeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskości	nietrazymeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskościom	nietrazymeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskość	nietrazymeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrazymeńskość	nietrazymeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastościach	nietrąbiastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastościami	nietrąbiastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastością	nietrąbiastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastości	nietrąbiastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastości	nietrąbiastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastości	nietrąbiastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastości	nietrąbiastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastości	nietrąbiastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastościom	nietrąbiastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastość	nietrąbiastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiastość	nietrąbiastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrąbiasta	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrąbiastą	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrąbiastą	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrąbiastego	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrąbiastego	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbiastej	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrąbiastej	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrąbiastej	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrąbiastemu	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbiaste	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbiaste	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbiaste	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrąbiaste	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrąbiastych	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrąbiastych	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbiastych	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbiastymi	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbiastym	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbiastym	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbiastym	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbiasty	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrąbiasty	nietrąbiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrąbiaści	nietrąbiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrąbkowa	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrąbkową	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrąbkową	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrąbkowego	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrąbkowego	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbkowej	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrąbkowej	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrąbkowej	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrąbkowemu	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbkowe	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbkowe	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbkowe	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrąbkowe	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrąbkowi	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrąbkowych	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrąbkowych	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbkowych	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbkowymi	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbkowym	nietrąbkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrąbkowym	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbkowym	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrąbkowy	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrąbkowy	nietrąbkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrądowościach	nietrądowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowościami	nietrądowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowością	nietrądowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowości	nietrądowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowości	nietrądowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowości	nietrądowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowości	nietrądowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowości	nietrądowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowościom	nietrądowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowość	nietrądowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowość	nietrądowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrądowa	nietrądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrądową	nietrądowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrądową	nietrądowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrądowego	nietrądowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrądowego	nietrądowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrądowej	nietrądowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrądowej	nietrądowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrądowej	nietrądowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrądowemu	nietrądowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrądowe	nietrądowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrądowe	nietrądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrądowe	nietrądowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrądowe	nietrądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrądowi	nietrądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrądowych	nietrądowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrądowych	nietrądowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrądowych	nietrądowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrądowymi	nietrądowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrądowym	nietrądowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrądowym	nietrądowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrądowym	nietrądowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrądowy	nietrądowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrądowy	nietrądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrądzikowościach	nietrądzikowość	subst:pl:loc:f		
nietrądzikowościami	nietrądzikowość	subst:pl:inst:f		
nietrądzikowością	nietrądzikowość	subst:sg:inst:f		
nietrądzikowości	nietrądzikowość	subst:pl:gen:f		
nietrądzikowości	nietrądzikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nietrądzikowości	nietrądzikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nietrądzikowości	nietrądzikowość	subst:sg:gen:f		
nietrądzikowości	nietrądzikowość	subst:sg:voc:f		
nietrądzikowościom	nietrądzikowość	subst:pl:dat:f		
nietrądzikowość	nietrądzikowość	subst:sg:acc:f		
nietrądzikowość	nietrądzikowość	subst:sg:nom:f		
nietrebhauzowościach	nietrebhauzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowościami	nietrebhauzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowością	nietrebhauzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowości	nietrebhauzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowości	nietrebhauzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowości	nietrebhauzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowości	nietrebhauzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowości	nietrebhauzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowościom	nietrebhauzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowość	nietrebhauzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowość	nietrebhauzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrebhauzowa	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrebhauzową	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrebhauzową	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrebhauzowego	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrebhauzowego	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowej	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrebhauzowej	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrebhauzowej	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrebhauzowemu	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowe	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowe	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowe	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrebhauzowe	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrebhauzowi	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrebhauzowych	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrebhauzowych	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowych	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowymi	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowym	nietrebhauzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowym	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowym	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrebhauzowy	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrebhauzowy	nietrebhauzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietreflowościach	nietreflowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowościami	nietreflowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowością	nietreflowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowości	nietreflowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowości	nietreflowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowości	nietreflowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowości	nietreflowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowości	nietreflowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowościom	nietreflowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowość	nietreflowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowość	nietreflowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreflowa	nietreflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietreflową	nietreflowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietreflową	nietreflowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietreflowego	nietreflowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietreflowego	nietreflowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreflowej	nietreflowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietreflowej	nietreflowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietreflowej	nietreflowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietreflowemu	nietreflowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreflowe	nietreflowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreflowe	nietreflowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreflowe	nietreflowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietreflowe	nietreflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietreflowi	nietreflowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietreflowych	nietreflowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietreflowych	nietreflowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreflowych	nietreflowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreflowymi	nietreflowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreflowym	nietreflowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreflowym	nietreflowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreflowym	nietreflowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreflowy	nietreflowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietreflowy	nietreflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrefnie	nietrefnie	adv:pos		
nietrefnościach	nietrefność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefnościami	nietrefność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefnością	nietrefność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefności	nietrefność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefności	nietrefność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefności	nietrefność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefności	nietrefność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefności	nietrefność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefnościom	nietrefność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefność	nietrefność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefność	nietrefność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefna	nietrefny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrefną	nietrefny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrefną	nietrefny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrefnego	nietrefny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrefnego	nietrefny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefnej	nietrefny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrefnej	nietrefny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrefnej	nietrefny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrefnemu	nietrefny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefne	nietrefny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefne	nietrefny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefne	nietrefny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrefne	nietrefny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrefni	nietrefny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrefnych	nietrefny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrefnych	nietrefny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefnych	nietrefny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefnymi	nietrefny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefnym	nietrefny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefnym	nietrefny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefnym	nietrefny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefny	nietrefny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrefny	nietrefny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrefunkowościach	nietrefunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowościami	nietrefunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowością	nietrefunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowości	nietrefunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowości	nietrefunkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowości	nietrefunkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowości	nietrefunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowości	nietrefunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowościom	nietrefunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowość	nietrefunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowość	nietrefunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrefunkowa	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrefunkową	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrefunkową	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrefunkowego	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrefunkowego	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefunkowej	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrefunkowej	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrefunkowej	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrefunkowemu	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefunkowe	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefunkowe	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefunkowe	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrefunkowe	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrefunkowi	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrefunkowych	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrefunkowych	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefunkowych	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefunkowymi	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefunkowym	nietrefunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrefunkowym	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefunkowym	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrefunkowy	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrefunkowy	nietrefunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrekkingowa	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrekkingową	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrekkingową	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrekkingowego	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrekkingowego	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrekkingowej	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrekkingowej	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrekkingowej	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrekkingowemu	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrekkingowe	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrekkingowe	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrekkingowe	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrekkingowe	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrekkingowi	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrekkingowych	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrekkingowych	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrekkingowych	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrekkingowymi	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrekkingowym	nietrekkingowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrekkingowym	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrekkingowym	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrekkingowy	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrekkingowy	nietrekkingowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrelleborscy	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrelleborska	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrelleborską	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrelleborską	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrelleborskich	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrelleborskich	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrelleborskich	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrelleborskiego	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrelleborskiego	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrelleborskiej	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrelleborskiej	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrelleborskiej	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrelleborskiemu	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrelleborskie	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrelleborskie	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrelleborskie	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrelleborskie	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrelleborskimi	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrelleborskim	nietrelleborski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrelleborskim	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrelleborskim	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrelleborski	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrelleborski	nietrelleborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrelleborsko	nietrelleborsko	adv:pos		
nietrelleborskościach	nietrelleborskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskościami	nietrelleborskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskością	nietrelleborskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskości	nietrelleborskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskości	nietrelleborskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskości	nietrelleborskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskości	nietrelleborskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskości	nietrelleborskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskościom	nietrelleborskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskość	nietrelleborskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrelleborskość	nietrelleborskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelscy	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrembowelska	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrembowelską	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrembowelską	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrembowelskich	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrembowelskich	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrembowelskich	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrembowelskiego	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrembowelskiego	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrembowelskiej	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrembowelskiej	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrembowelskiej	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrembowelskiemu	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrembowelskie	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrembowelskie	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrembowelskie	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrembowelskie	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrembowelskimi	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrembowelskim	nietrembowelski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrembowelskim	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrembowelskim	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrembowelski	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrembowelski	nietrembowelski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrembowelsko	nietrembowelsko	adv:pos		
nietrembowelskościach	nietrembowelskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskościami	nietrembowelskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskością	nietrembowelskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskości	nietrembowelskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskości	nietrembowelskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskości	nietrembowelskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskości	nietrembowelskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskości	nietrembowelskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskościom	nietrembowelskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskość	nietrembowelskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrembowelskość	nietrembowelskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńscy	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrenczyńska	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrenczyńską	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrenczyńską	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrenczyńskich	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrenczyńskich	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskich	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskiego	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrenczyńskiego	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskiej	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrenczyńskiej	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrenczyńskiej	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrenczyńskiemu	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskie	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskie	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskie	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrenczyńskie	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrenczyńskimi	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskim	nietrenczyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskim	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenczyńskim	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenczyński	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrenczyński	nietrenczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrenczyńsko	nietrenczyńsko	adv:pos		
nietrenczyńskościach	nietrenczyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskościami	nietrenczyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskością	nietrenczyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskości	nietrenczyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskości	nietrenczyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskości	nietrenczyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskości	nietrenczyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskości	nietrenczyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskościom	nietrenczyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskość	nietrenczyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenczyńskość	nietrenczyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowo	nietrendowo	adv:pos		
nietrendowościach	nietrendowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowościami	nietrendowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowością	nietrendowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowości	nietrendowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowości	nietrendowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowości	nietrendowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowości	nietrendowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowości	nietrendowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowościom	nietrendowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowość	nietrendowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowość	nietrendowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrendowa	nietrendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrendową	nietrendowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrendową	nietrendowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrendowego	nietrendowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrendowego	nietrendowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrendowej	nietrendowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrendowej	nietrendowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrendowej	nietrendowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrendowemu	nietrendowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrendowe	nietrendowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrendowe	nietrendowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrendowe	nietrendowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrendowe	nietrendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrendowi	nietrendowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrendowych	nietrendowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrendowych	nietrendowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrendowych	nietrendowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrendowymi	nietrendowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrendowym	nietrendowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrendowym	nietrendowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrendowym	nietrendowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrendowy	nietrendowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrendowy	nietrendowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrenerscy	nietrenerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrenerska	nietrenerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrenerską	nietrenerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrenerską	nietrenerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrenerskich	nietrenerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrenerskich	nietrenerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenerskich	nietrenerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenerskiego	nietrenerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrenerskiego	nietrenerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenerskiej	nietrenerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrenerskiej	nietrenerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrenerskiej	nietrenerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrenerskiemu	nietrenerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenerskie	nietrenerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenerskie	nietrenerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenerskie	nietrenerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrenerskie	nietrenerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrenerskimi	nietrenerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenerskim	nietrenerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenerskim	nietrenerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenerskim	nietrenerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenerski	nietrenerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrenerski	nietrenerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrenersko	nietrenersko	adv:pos		
nietrenerskościach	nietrenerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskościami	nietrenerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskością	nietrenerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskości	nietrenerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskości	nietrenerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskości	nietrenerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskości	nietrenerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskości	nietrenerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskościom	nietrenerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskość	nietrenerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenerskość	nietrenerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowo	nietreningowo	adv:pos		
nietreningowościach	nietreningowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowościami	nietreningowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowością	nietreningowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowości	nietreningowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowości	nietreningowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowości	nietreningowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowości	nietreningowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowości	nietreningowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowościom	nietreningowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowość	nietreningowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowość	nietreningowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreningowa	nietreningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietreningową	nietreningowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietreningową	nietreningowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietreningowego	nietreningowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietreningowego	nietreningowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreningowej	nietreningowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietreningowej	nietreningowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietreningowej	nietreningowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietreningowemu	nietreningowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreningowe	nietreningowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreningowe	nietreningowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreningowe	nietreningowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietreningowe	nietreningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietreningowi	nietreningowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietreningowych	nietreningowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietreningowych	nietreningowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreningowych	nietreningowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreningowymi	nietreningowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreningowym	nietreningowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreningowym	nietreningowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreningowym	nietreningowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreningowy	nietreningowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietreningowy	nietreningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrenowościach	nietrenowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowościami	nietrenowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowością	nietrenowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowości	nietrenowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowości	nietrenowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowości	nietrenowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowości	nietrenowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowości	nietrenowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowościom	nietrenowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowość	nietrenowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowość	nietrenowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrenowa	nietrenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrenową	nietrenowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrenową	nietrenowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrenowego	nietrenowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrenowego	nietrenowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenowej	nietrenowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrenowej	nietrenowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrenowej	nietrenowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrenowemu	nietrenowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenowe	nietrenowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenowe	nietrenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenowe	nietrenowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrenowe	nietrenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrenowi	nietrenowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrenowych	nietrenowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrenowych	nietrenowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenowych	nietrenowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenowymi	nietrenowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenowym	nietrenowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrenowym	nietrenowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenowym	nietrenowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrenowy	nietrenowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrenowy	nietrenowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrepanacyjnościach	nietrepanacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjnościami	nietrepanacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjnością	nietrepanacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjności	nietrepanacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjności	nietrepanacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjności	nietrepanacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjności	nietrepanacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjności	nietrepanacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjnościom	nietrepanacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjność	nietrepanacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjność	nietrepanacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrepanacyjna	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrepanacyjną	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrepanacyjną	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrepanacyjnego	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrepanacyjnego	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjnej	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrepanacyjnej	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrepanacyjnej	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrepanacyjnemu	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjne	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjne	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjne	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrepanacyjne	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrepanacyjni	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrepanacyjnych	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrepanacyjnych	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjnych	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjnymi	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjnym	nietrepanacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjnym	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjnym	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrepanacyjny	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrepanacyjny	nietrepanacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrescnościach	nietrescność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescnościami	nietrescność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescnością	nietrescność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescności	nietrescność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescności	nietrescność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescności	nietrescność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescności	nietrescność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescności	nietrescność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescnościom	nietrescność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescność	nietrescność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescność	nietrescność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrescna	nietrescny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrescną	nietrescny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrescną	nietrescny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrescnego	nietrescny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrescnego	nietrescny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrescnej	nietrescny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrescnej	nietrescny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrescnej	nietrescny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrescnemu	nietrescny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrescne	nietrescny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrescne	nietrescny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrescne	nietrescny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrescne	nietrescny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrescni	nietrescny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrescnych	nietrescny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrescnych	nietrescny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrescnych	nietrescny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrescnymi	nietrescny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrescnym	nietrescny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrescnym	nietrescny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrescnym	nietrescny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrescny	nietrescny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrescny	nietrescny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietreserscy	nietreserski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietreserska	nietreserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietreserską	nietreserski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietreserską	nietreserski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietreserskich	nietreserski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietreserskich	nietreserski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreserskich	nietreserski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreserskiego	nietreserski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietreserskiego	nietreserski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreserskiej	nietreserski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietreserskiej	nietreserski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietreserskiej	nietreserski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietreserskiemu	nietreserski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreserskie	nietreserski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreserskie	nietreserski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreserskie	nietreserski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietreserskie	nietreserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietreserskimi	nietreserski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreserskim	nietreserski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreserskim	nietreserski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreserskim	nietreserski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreserski	nietreserski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietreserski	nietreserski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietresersko	nietresersko	adv:pos		
nietreserskościach	nietreserskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskościami	nietreserskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskością	nietreserskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskości	nietreserskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskości	nietreserskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskości	nietreserskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskości	nietreserskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskości	nietreserskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskościom	nietreserskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskość	nietreserskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreserskość	nietreserskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowościach	nietresurowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowościami	nietresurowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowością	nietresurowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowości	nietresurowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowości	nietresurowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowości	nietresurowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowości	nietresurowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowości	nietresurowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowościom	nietresurowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowość	nietresurowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowość	nietresurowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietresurowa	nietresurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietresurową	nietresurowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietresurową	nietresurowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietresurowego	nietresurowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietresurowego	nietresurowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietresurowej	nietresurowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietresurowej	nietresurowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietresurowej	nietresurowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietresurowemu	nietresurowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietresurowe	nietresurowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietresurowe	nietresurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietresurowe	nietresurowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietresurowe	nietresurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietresurowi	nietresurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietresurowych	nietresurowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietresurowych	nietresurowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietresurowych	nietresurowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietresurowymi	nietresurowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietresurowym	nietresurowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietresurowym	nietresurowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietresurowym	nietresurowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietresurowy	nietresurowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietresurowy	nietresurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietreściowo	nietreściowo	adv:pos		
nietreściowościach	nietreściowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowościami	nietreściowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowością	nietreściowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowości	nietreściowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowości	nietreściowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowości	nietreściowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowości	nietreściowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowości	nietreściowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowościom	nietreściowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowość	nietreściowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowość	nietreściowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściowa	nietreściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietreściową	nietreściowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietreściową	nietreściowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietreściowego	nietreściowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietreściowego	nietreściowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściowej	nietreściowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietreściowej	nietreściowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietreściowej	nietreściowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietreściowemu	nietreściowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściowe	nietreściowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściowe	nietreściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściowe	nietreściowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietreściowe	nietreściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietreściowi	nietreściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietreściowych	nietreściowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietreściowych	nietreściowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściowych	nietreściowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściowymi	nietreściowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściowym	nietreściowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściowym	nietreściowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściowym	nietreściowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściowy	nietreściowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietreściowy	nietreściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietreściwie	nietreściwie	adv:pos		
nietreściwościach	nietreściwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwościami	nietreściwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwością	nietreściwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwości	nietreściwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwości	nietreściwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwości	nietreściwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwości	nietreściwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwości	nietreściwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwościom	nietreściwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwość	nietreściwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwość	nietreściwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietreściwa	nietreściwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietreściwą	nietreściwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietreściwą	nietreściwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietreściwego	nietreściwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietreściwego	nietreściwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściwej	nietreściwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietreściwej	nietreściwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietreściwej	nietreściwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietreściwemu	nietreściwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściwe	nietreściwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściwe	nietreściwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściwe	nietreściwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietreściwe	nietreściwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietreściwi	nietreściwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietreściwych	nietreściwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietreściwych	nietreściwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściwych	nietreściwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściwymi	nietreściwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściwym	nietreściwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietreściwym	nietreściwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściwym	nietreściwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietreściwy	nietreściwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietreściwy	nietreściwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrębaccy	nietrębacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrębacka	nietrębacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrębacką	nietrębacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrębacką	nietrębacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrębackich	nietrębacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrębackich	nietrębacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrębackich	nietrębacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrębackiego	nietrębacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrębackiego	nietrębacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrębackiej	nietrębacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrębackiej	nietrębacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrębackiej	nietrębacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrębackiemu	nietrębacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrębackie	nietrębacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrębackie	nietrębacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrębackie	nietrębacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrębackie	nietrębacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrębackimi	nietrębacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrębackim	nietrębacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrębackim	nietrębacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrębackim	nietrębacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrębacki	nietrębacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrębacki	nietrębacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrębacko	nietrębacko	adv:pos		
nietrębackościach	nietrębackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackościami	nietrębackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackością	nietrębackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackości	nietrębackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackości	nietrębackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackości	nietrębackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackości	nietrębackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackości	nietrębackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackościom	nietrębackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackość	nietrębackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrębackość	nietrębackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatościach	nietrędowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatościami	nietrędowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatością	nietrędowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatości	nietrędowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatości	nietrędowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatości	nietrędowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatości	nietrędowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatości	nietrędowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatościom	nietrędowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatość	nietrędowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowatość	nietrędowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędowaci	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrędowata	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrędowatą	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrędowatą	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrędowatego	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrędowatego	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędowatej	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrędowatej	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrędowatej	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrędowatemu	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędowate	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędowate	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędowate	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrędowate	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrędowatych	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrędowatych	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędowatych	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędowatymi	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędowatym	nietrędowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędowatym	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędowatym	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędowaty	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrędowaty	nietrędowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrędownikowatościach	nietrędownikowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatościami	nietrędownikowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatością	nietrędownikowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatości	nietrędownikowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatości	nietrędownikowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatości	nietrędownikowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatości	nietrędownikowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatości	nietrędownikowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatościom	nietrędownikowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatość	nietrędownikowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowatość	nietrędownikowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrędownikowaci	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrędownikowata	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrędownikowatą	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrędownikowatą	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrędownikowatego	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrędownikowatego	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędownikowatej	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrędownikowatej	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrędownikowatej	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrędownikowatemu	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędownikowate	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędownikowate	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędownikowate	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrędownikowate	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrędownikowatych	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrędownikowatych	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędownikowatych	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędownikowatymi	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędownikowatym	nietrędownikowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrędownikowatym	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędownikowatym	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrędownikowaty	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrędownikowaty	nietrędownikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriadycznie	nietriadycznie	adv:pos		
nietriadycznościach	nietriadyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadycznościami	nietriadyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadycznością	nietriadyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczności	nietriadyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczności	nietriadyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczności	nietriadyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczności	nietriadyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczności	nietriadyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadycznościom	nietriadyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczność	nietriadyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczność	nietriadyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriadyczna	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriadyczną	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriadyczną	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriadycznego	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriadycznego	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriadycznej	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriadycznej	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriadycznej	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriadycznemu	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriadyczne	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriadyczne	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriadyczne	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriadyczne	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriadyczni	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriadycznych	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriadycznych	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriadycznych	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriadycznymi	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriadycznym	nietriadyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriadycznym	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriadycznym	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriadyczny	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriadyczny	nietriadyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrialistyczna	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrialistyczną	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrialistyczną	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrialistycznego	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrialistycznego	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrialistycznej	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrialistycznej	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrialistycznej	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrialistycznemu	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrialistyczne	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrialistyczne	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrialistyczne	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrialistyczne	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrialistyczni	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrialistycznych	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrialistycznych	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrialistycznych	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrialistycznymi	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrialistycznym	nietrialistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrialistycznym	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrialistycznym	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrialistyczny	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrialistyczny	nietrialistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriangulacyjnościach	nietriangulacyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjnościami	nietriangulacyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjnością	nietriangulacyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjności	nietriangulacyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjności	nietriangulacyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjności	nietriangulacyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjności	nietriangulacyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjności	nietriangulacyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjnościom	nietriangulacyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjność	nietriangulacyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjność	nietriangulacyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriangulacyjna	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriangulacyjną	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriangulacyjną	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriangulacyjnego	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriangulacyjnego	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjnej	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriangulacyjnej	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriangulacyjnej	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriangulacyjnemu	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjne	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjne	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjne	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriangulacyjne	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriangulacyjni	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriangulacyjnych	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriangulacyjnych	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjnych	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjnymi	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjnym	nietriangulacyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjnym	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjnym	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriangulacyjny	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriangulacyjny	nietriangulacyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriasowościach	nietriasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowościami	nietriasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowością	nietriasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowości	nietriasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowości	nietriasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowości	nietriasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowości	nietriasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowości	nietriasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowościom	nietriasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowość	nietriasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowość	nietriasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriasowa	nietriasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriasową	nietriasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriasową	nietriasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriasowego	nietriasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriasowego	nietriasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriasowej	nietriasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriasowej	nietriasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriasowej	nietriasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriasowemu	nietriasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriasowe	nietriasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriasowe	nietriasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriasowe	nietriasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriasowe	nietriasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriasowi	nietriasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriasowych	nietriasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriasowych	nietriasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriasowych	nietriasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriasowymi	nietriasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriasowym	nietriasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriasowym	nietriasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriasowym	nietriasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriasowy	nietriasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriasowy	nietriasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriathlonowościach	nietriathlonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowościami	nietriathlonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowością	nietriathlonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowości	nietriathlonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowości	nietriathlonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowości	nietriathlonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowości	nietriathlonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowości	nietriathlonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowościom	nietriathlonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowość	nietriathlonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowość	nietriathlonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriathlonowa	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriathlonową	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriathlonową	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriathlonowego	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriathlonowego	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriathlonowej	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriathlonowej	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriathlonowej	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriathlonowemu	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriathlonowe	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriathlonowe	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriathlonowe	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriathlonowe	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriathlonowi	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriathlonowych	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriathlonowych	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriathlonowych	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriathlonowymi	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriathlonowym	nietriathlonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriathlonowym	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriathlonowym	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriathlonowy	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriathlonowy	nietriathlonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriatlonowościach	nietriatlonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowościami	nietriatlonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowością	nietriatlonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowości	nietriatlonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowości	nietriatlonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowości	nietriatlonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowości	nietriatlonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowości	nietriatlonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowościom	nietriatlonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowość	nietriatlonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowość	nietriatlonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriatlonowa	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriatlonową	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriatlonową	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriatlonowego	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriatlonowego	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriatlonowej	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriatlonowej	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriatlonowej	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriatlonowemu	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriatlonowe	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriatlonowe	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriatlonowe	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriatlonowe	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriatlonowi	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriatlonowych	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriatlonowych	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriatlonowych	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriatlonowymi	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriatlonowym	nietriatlonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriatlonowym	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriatlonowym	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriatlonowy	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriatlonowy	nietriatlonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrickowościach	nietrickowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowościami	nietrickowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowością	nietrickowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowości	nietrickowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowości	nietrickowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowości	nietrickowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowości	nietrickowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowości	nietrickowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowościom	nietrickowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowość	nietrickowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowość	nietrickowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrickowa	nietrickowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrickową	nietrickowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrickową	nietrickowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrickowego	nietrickowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrickowego	nietrickowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrickowej	nietrickowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrickowej	nietrickowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrickowej	nietrickowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrickowemu	nietrickowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrickowe	nietrickowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrickowe	nietrickowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrickowe	nietrickowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrickowe	nietrickowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrickowi	nietrickowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrickowych	nietrickowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrickowych	nietrickowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrickowych	nietrickowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrickowymi	nietrickowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrickowym	nietrickowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrickowym	nietrickowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrickowym	nietrickowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrickowy	nietrickowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrickowy	nietrickowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriesteńscy	nietriesteński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriesteńska	nietriesteński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriesteńską	nietriesteński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriesteńską	nietriesteński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriesteńskich	nietriesteński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriesteńskich	nietriesteński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriesteńskich	nietriesteński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriesteńskiego	nietriesteński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriesteńskiego	nietriesteński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriesteńskiej	nietriesteński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriesteńskiej	nietriesteński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriesteńskiej	nietriesteński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriesteńskiemu	nietriesteński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriesteńskie	nietriesteński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriesteńskie	nietriesteński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriesteńskie	nietriesteński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriesteńskie	nietriesteński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriesteńskimi	nietriesteński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriesteńskim	nietriesteński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriesteńskim	nietriesteński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriesteńskim	nietriesteński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriesteński	nietriesteński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriesteński	nietriesteński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriesteńsko	nietriesteńsko	adv:pos		
nietriesteńskościach	nietriesteńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskościami	nietriesteńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskością	nietriesteńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskości	nietriesteńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskości	nietriesteńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskości	nietriesteńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskości	nietriesteńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskości	nietriesteńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskościom	nietriesteńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskość	nietriesteńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriesteńskość	nietriesteńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowscy	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrietiakowska	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrietiakowską	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrietiakowską	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrietiakowskich	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrietiakowskich	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskich	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskiego	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrietiakowskiego	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskiej	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrietiakowskiej	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrietiakowskiej	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrietiakowskiemu	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskie	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskie	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskie	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrietiakowskie	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrietiakowskimi	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskim	nietrietiakowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskim	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrietiakowskim	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrietiakowski	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrietiakowski	nietrietiakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrietiakowsko	nietrietiakowsko	adv:pos		
nietrietiakowskościach	nietrietiakowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskościami	nietrietiakowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskością	nietrietiakowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskości	nietrietiakowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskości	nietrietiakowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskości	nietrietiakowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskości	nietrietiakowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskości	nietrietiakowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskościom	nietrietiakowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskość	nietrietiakowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrietiakowskość	nietrietiakowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowościach	nietrikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowościami	nietrikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowością	nietrikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowości	nietrikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowości	nietrikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowości	nietrikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowości	nietrikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowości	nietrikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowościom	nietrikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowość	nietrikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowość	nietrikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrikowa	nietrikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrikową	nietrikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrikową	nietrikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrikowego	nietrikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrikowego	nietrikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrikowej	nietrikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrikowej	nietrikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrikowej	nietrikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrikowemu	nietrikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrikowe	nietrikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrikowe	nietrikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrikowe	nietrikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrikowe	nietrikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrikowi	nietrikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrikowych	nietrikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrikowych	nietrikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrikowych	nietrikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrikowymi	nietrikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrikowym	nietrikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrikowym	nietrikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrikowym	nietrikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrikowy	nietrikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrikowy	nietrikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriphopowa	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriphopową	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriphopową	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriphopowego	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriphopowego	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriphopowej	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriphopowej	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriphopowej	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriphopowemu	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriphopowe	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriphopowe	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriphopowe	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriphopowe	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriphopowi	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriphopowych	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriphopowych	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriphopowych	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriphopowymi	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriphopowym	nietriphopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriphopowym	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriphopowym	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriphopowy	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriphopowy	nietriphopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriumfalistycznościach	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistycznościami	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistycznością	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczności	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczności	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczności	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczności	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczności	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistycznościom	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczność	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczność	nietriumfalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalistyczna	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriumfalistyczną	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriumfalistyczną	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriumfalistycznego	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriumfalistycznego	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalistycznej	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriumfalistycznej	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriumfalistycznej	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriumfalistycznemu	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalistyczne	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalistyczne	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalistyczne	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriumfalistyczne	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriumfalistyczni	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriumfalistycznych	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriumfalistycznych	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalistycznych	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalistycznymi	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalistycznym	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalistycznym	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalistycznym	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalistyczny	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriumfalistyczny	nietriumfalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriumfalnie	nietriumfalnie	adv:pos		
nietriumfalnościach	nietriumfalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalnościami	nietriumfalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalnością	nietriumfalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalności	nietriumfalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalności	nietriumfalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalności	nietriumfalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalności	nietriumfalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalności	nietriumfalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalnościom	nietriumfalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalność	nietriumfalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalność	nietriumfalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfalna	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriumfalną	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriumfalną	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriumfalnego	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriumfalnego	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalnej	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriumfalnej	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriumfalnej	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriumfalnemu	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalne	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalne	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalne	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriumfalne	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriumfalni	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriumfalnych	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriumfalnych	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalnych	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalnymi	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalnym	nietriumfalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfalnym	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalnym	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfalny	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriumfalny	nietriumfalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriumfatorscy	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriumfatorska	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriumfatorską	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriumfatorską	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriumfatorskich	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriumfatorskich	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskich	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskiego	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriumfatorskiego	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskiej	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriumfatorskiej	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriumfatorskiej	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriumfatorskiemu	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskie	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskie	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskie	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriumfatorskie	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriumfatorskimi	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskim	nietriumfatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskim	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfatorskim	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfatorski	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriumfatorski	nietriumfatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriumfatorsko	nietriumfatorsko	adv:pos		
nietriumfatorskościach	nietriumfatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskościami	nietriumfatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskością	nietriumfatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskości	nietriumfatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskości	nietriumfatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskości	nietriumfatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskości	nietriumfatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskości	nietriumfatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskościom	nietriumfatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskość	nietriumfatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfatorskość	nietriumfatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriumfująco	nietriumfująco	adv:pos		
nietriumfująca	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriumfującą	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriumfującą	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriumfującego	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriumfującego	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfującej	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriumfującej	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriumfującej	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriumfującemu	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfujące	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfujące	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfujące	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriumfujące	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriumfujących	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriumfujących	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfujących	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfującymi	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfującym	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriumfującym	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfującym	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriumfujący	nietriumfujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriumfujący	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriumfujący	nietriumfujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietriwialnościach	nietriwialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialnościami	nietriwialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialnością	nietriwialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialności	nietriwialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialności	nietriwialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialności	nietriwialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialności	nietriwialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialności	nietriwialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialnościom	nietriwialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialność	nietriwialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialność	nietriwialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietriwialna	nietriwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietriwialną	nietriwialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietriwialną	nietriwialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietriwialnego	nietriwialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietriwialnego	nietriwialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriwialnej	nietriwialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietriwialnej	nietriwialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietriwialnej	nietriwialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietriwialnemu	nietriwialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriwialne	nietriwialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriwialne	nietriwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriwialne	nietriwialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietriwialne	nietriwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietriwialni	nietriwialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietriwialnych	nietriwialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietriwialnych	nietriwialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriwialnych	nietriwialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriwialnymi	nietriwialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriwialnym	nietriwialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietriwialnym	nietriwialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriwialnym	nietriwialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietriwialny	nietriwialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietriwialny	nietriwialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrobriandzko	nietrobriandzko	adv:pos		
nietrobriandzkościach	nietrobriandzkość	subst:pl:loc:f		
nietrobriandzkościami	nietrobriandzkość	subst:pl:inst:f		
nietrobriandzkością	nietrobriandzkość	subst:sg:inst:f		
nietrobriandzkości	nietrobriandzkość	subst:pl:gen:f		
nietrobriandzkości	nietrobriandzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nietrobriandzkości	nietrobriandzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nietrobriandzkości	nietrobriandzkość	subst:sg:gen:f		
nietrobriandzkości	nietrobriandzkość	subst:sg:voc:f		
nietrobriandzkościom	nietrobriandzkość	subst:pl:dat:f		
nietrobriandzkość	nietrobriandzkość	subst:sg:acc:f		
nietrobriandzkość	nietrobriandzkość	subst:sg:nom:f		
nietrochaicznościach	nietrochaiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaicznościami	nietrochaiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaicznością	nietrochaiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczności	nietrochaiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczności	nietrochaiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczności	nietrochaiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczności	nietrochaiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczności	nietrochaiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaicznościom	nietrochaiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczność	nietrochaiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczność	nietrochaiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrochaiczna	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrochaiczną	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrochaiczną	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrochaicznego	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrochaicznego	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrochaicznej	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrochaicznej	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrochaicznej	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrochaicznemu	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrochaiczne	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrochaiczne	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrochaiczne	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrochaiczne	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrochaiczni	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrochaicznych	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrochaicznych	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrochaicznych	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrochaicznymi	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrochaicznym	nietrochaiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrochaicznym	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrochaicznym	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrochaiczny	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrochaiczny	nietrochaiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrocheicznościach	nietrocheiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheicznościami	nietrocheiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheicznością	nietrocheiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczności	nietrocheiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczności	nietrocheiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczności	nietrocheiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczności	nietrocheiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczności	nietrocheiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheicznościom	nietrocheiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczność	nietrocheiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczność	nietrocheiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocheiczna	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrocheiczną	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrocheiczną	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrocheicznego	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrocheicznego	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocheicznej	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrocheicznej	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrocheicznej	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrocheicznemu	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocheiczne	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocheiczne	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocheiczne	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrocheiczne	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrocheiczni	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrocheicznych	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrocheicznych	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocheicznych	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocheicznymi	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocheicznym	nietrocheiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocheicznym	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocheicznym	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocheiczny	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrocheiczny	nietrocheiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrocinowościach	nietrocinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowościami	nietrocinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowością	nietrocinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowości	nietrocinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowości	nietrocinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowości	nietrocinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowości	nietrocinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowości	nietrocinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowościom	nietrocinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowość	nietrocinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowość	nietrocinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocinowa	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrocinową	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrocinową	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrocinowego	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrocinowego	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocinowej	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrocinowej	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrocinowej	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrocinowemu	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocinowe	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocinowe	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocinowe	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrocinowe	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrocinowi	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrocinowych	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrocinowych	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocinowych	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocinowymi	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocinowym	nietrocinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrocinowym	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocinowym	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocinowy	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrocinowy	nietrocinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrociowościach	nietrociowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowościami	nietrociowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowością	nietrociowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowości	nietrociowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowości	nietrociowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowości	nietrociowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowości	nietrociowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowości	nietrociowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowościom	nietrociowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowość	nietrociowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowość	nietrociowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrociowa	nietrociowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrociową	nietrociowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrociową	nietrociowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrociowego	nietrociowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrociowego	nietrociowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrociowej	nietrociowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrociowej	nietrociowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrociowej	nietrociowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrociowemu	nietrociowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrociowe	nietrociowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrociowe	nietrociowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrociowe	nietrociowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrociowe	nietrociowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrociowi	nietrociowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrociowych	nietrociowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrociowych	nietrociowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrociowych	nietrociowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrociowymi	nietrociowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrociowym	nietrociowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrociowym	nietrociowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrociowym	nietrociowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrociowy	nietrociowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrociowy	nietrociowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroccy	nietrocki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrocka	nietrocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrocką	nietrocki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrocką	nietrocki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrockich	nietrocki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrockich	nietrocki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockich	nietrocki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockiego	nietrocki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrockiego	nietrocki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrockiej	nietrocki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrockiej	nietrocki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrockiej	nietrocki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrockiemu	nietrocki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrockie	nietrocki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockie	nietrocki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockie	nietrocki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrockie	nietrocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrockimi	nietrocki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockim	nietrocki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockim	nietrocki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrockim	nietrocki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrocki	nietrocki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrocki	nietrocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrockistowscy	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrockistowska	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrockistowską	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrockistowską	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrockistowskich	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrockistowskich	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockistowskich	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockistowskiego	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrockistowskiego	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrockistowskiej	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrockistowskiej	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrockistowskiej	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrockistowskiemu	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrockistowskie	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockistowskie	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockistowskie	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrockistowskie	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrockistowskimi	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockistowskim	nietrockistowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrockistowskim	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrockistowskim	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrockistowski	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrockistowski	nietrockistowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrockistowsko	nietrockistowsko	adv:pos		
nietrockistowskościach	nietrockistowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskościami	nietrockistowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskością	nietrockistowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskości	nietrockistowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskości	nietrockistowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskości	nietrockistowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskości	nietrockistowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskości	nietrockistowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskościom	nietrockistowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskość	nietrockistowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockistowskość	nietrockistowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrocko	nietrocko	adv:pos		
nietrockościach	nietrockość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockościami	nietrockość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockością	nietrockość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockości	nietrockość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockości	nietrockość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockości	nietrockość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockości	nietrockość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockości	nietrockość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockościom	nietrockość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockość	nietrockość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrockość	nietrockość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealnościach	nietrofealność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealnościami	nietrofealność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealnością	nietrofealność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealności	nietrofealność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealności	nietrofealność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealności	nietrofealność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealności	nietrofealność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealności	nietrofealność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealnościom	nietrofealność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealność	nietrofealność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealność	nietrofealność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrofealna	nietrofealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrofealną	nietrofealny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrofealną	nietrofealny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrofealnego	nietrofealny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrofealnego	nietrofealny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrofealnej	nietrofealny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrofealnej	nietrofealny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrofealnej	nietrofealny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrofealnemu	nietrofealny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrofealne	nietrofealny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrofealne	nietrofealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrofealne	nietrofealny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrofealne	nietrofealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrofealni	nietrofealny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrofealnych	nietrofealny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrofealnych	nietrofealny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrofealnych	nietrofealny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrofealnymi	nietrofealny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrofealnym	nietrofealny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrofealnym	nietrofealny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrofealnym	nietrofealny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrofealny	nietrofealny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrofealny	nietrofealny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroficznościach	nietroficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficznościami	nietroficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficznością	nietroficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzności	nietroficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzności	nietroficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzności	nietroficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzności	nietroficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzności	nietroficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficznościom	nietroficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzność	nietroficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzność	nietroficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroficzna	nietroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietroficzną	nietroficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietroficzną	nietroficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietroficznego	nietroficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietroficznego	nietroficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroficznej	nietroficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietroficznej	nietroficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietroficznej	nietroficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietroficznemu	nietroficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroficzne	nietroficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroficzne	nietroficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroficzne	nietroficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietroficzne	nietroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietroficzni	nietroficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietroficznych	nietroficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietroficznych	nietroficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroficznych	nietroficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroficznymi	nietroficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroficznym	nietroficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroficznym	nietroficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroficznym	nietroficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroficzny	nietroficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietroficzny	nietroficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroglodyccy	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietroglodycka	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietroglodycką	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietroglodycką	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietroglodyckich	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietroglodyckich	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroglodyckich	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroglodyckiego	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietroglodyckiego	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroglodyckiej	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietroglodyckiej	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietroglodyckiej	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietroglodyckiemu	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroglodyckie	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroglodyckie	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroglodyckie	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietroglodyckie	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietroglodyckimi	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroglodyckim	nietroglodycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroglodyckim	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroglodyckim	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroglodycki	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietroglodycki	nietroglodycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroglodycko	nietroglodycko	adv:pos		
nietroglodyckościach	nietroglodyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckościami	nietroglodyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckością	nietroglodyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckości	nietroglodyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckości	nietroglodyckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckości	nietroglodyckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckości	nietroglodyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckości	nietroglodyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckościom	nietroglodyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckość	nietroglodyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroglodyckość	nietroglodyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistościach	nietroistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistościami	nietroistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistością	nietroistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistości	nietroistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistości	nietroistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistości	nietroistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistości	nietroistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistości	nietroistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistościom	nietroistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistość	nietroistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroistość	nietroistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroista	nietroisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietroistą	nietroisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietroistą	nietroisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietroistego	nietroisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietroistego	nietroisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroistej	nietroisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietroistej	nietroisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietroistej	nietroisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietroistemu	nietroisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroiste	nietroisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroiste	nietroisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroiste	nietroisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietroiste	nietroisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietroistych	nietroisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietroistych	nietroisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroistych	nietroisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroistymi	nietroisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroistym	nietroisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroistym	nietroisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroistym	nietroisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroisty	nietroisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietroisty	nietroisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroiści	nietroisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietroiście	nietroiście	adv:pos		
nietrojaczościach	nietrojaczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczościami	nietrojaczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczością	nietrojaczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczości	nietrojaczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczości	nietrojaczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczości	nietrojaczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczości	nietrojaczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczości	nietrojaczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczościom	nietrojaczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczość	nietrojaczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojaczość	nietrojaczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojacza	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrojaczą	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrojaczą	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrojaczego	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrojaczego	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojaczej	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrojaczej	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrojaczej	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrojaczemu	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojacze	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojacze	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojacze	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrojacze	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrojaczych	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrojaczych	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojaczych	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojaczymi	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojaczym	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojaczym	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojaczym	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojaczy	nietrojaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrojaczy	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrojaczy	nietrojaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrojacy	nietrojaki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrojaka	nietrojaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrojaką	nietrojaki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrojaką	nietrojaki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrojakich	nietrojaki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrojakich	nietrojaki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojakich	nietrojaki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojakiego	nietrojaki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrojakiego	nietrojaki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojakiej	nietrojaki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrojakiej	nietrojaki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrojakiej	nietrojaki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrojakiemu	nietrojaki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojakie	nietrojaki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojakie	nietrojaki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojakie	nietrojaki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrojakie	nietrojaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrojakimi	nietrojaki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojakim	nietrojaki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojakim	nietrojaki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojakim	nietrojaki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojaki	nietrojaki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrojaki	nietrojaki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrojako	nietrojako	adv:pos		
nietrojakościach	nietrojakość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakościami	nietrojakość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakością	nietrojakość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakości	nietrojakość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakości	nietrojakość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakości	nietrojakość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakości	nietrojakość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakości	nietrojakość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakościom	nietrojakość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakość	nietrojakość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojakość	nietrojakość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowscy	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrojanowska	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrojanowską	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrojanowską	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrojanowskich	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrojanowskich	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojanowskich	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojanowskiego	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrojanowskiego	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojanowskiej	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrojanowskiej	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrojanowskiej	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrojanowskiemu	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojanowskie	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojanowskie	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojanowskie	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrojanowskie	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrojanowskimi	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojanowskim	nietrojanowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojanowskim	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojanowskim	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojanowski	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrojanowski	nietrojanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrojanowsko	nietrojanowsko	adv:pos		
nietrojanowskościach	nietrojanowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskościami	nietrojanowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskością	nietrojanowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskości	nietrojanowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskości	nietrojanowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskości	nietrojanowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskości	nietrojanowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskości	nietrojanowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskościom	nietrojanowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskość	nietrojanowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojanowskość	nietrojanowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańscy	nietrojański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrojańska	nietrojański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrojańską	nietrojański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrojańską	nietrojański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrojańskich	nietrojański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrojańskich	nietrojański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojańskich	nietrojański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojańskiego	nietrojański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrojańskiego	nietrojański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojańskiej	nietrojański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrojańskiej	nietrojański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrojańskiej	nietrojański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrojańskiemu	nietrojański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojańskie	nietrojański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojańskie	nietrojański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojańskie	nietrojański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrojańskie	nietrojański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrojańskimi	nietrojański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojańskim	nietrojański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojańskim	nietrojański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojańskim	nietrojański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojański	nietrojański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrojański	nietrojański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrojańsko	nietrojańsko	adv:pos		
nietrojańskościach	nietrojańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskościami	nietrojańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskością	nietrojańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskości	nietrojańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskości	nietrojańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskości	nietrojańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskości	nietrojańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskości	nietrojańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskościom	nietrojańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskość	nietrojańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojańskość	nietrojańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatościach	nietrojeściowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatościami	nietrojeściowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatością	nietrojeściowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatości	nietrojeściowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatości	nietrojeściowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatości	nietrojeściowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatości	nietrojeściowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatości	nietrojeściowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatościom	nietrojeściowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatość	nietrojeściowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowatość	nietrojeściowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojeściowaci	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrojeściowata	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrojeściowatą	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrojeściowatą	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrojeściowatego	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrojeściowatego	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojeściowatej	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrojeściowatej	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrojeściowatej	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrojeściowatemu	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojeściowate	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojeściowate	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojeściowate	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrojeściowate	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrojeściowatych	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrojeściowatych	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojeściowatych	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojeściowatymi	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojeściowatym	nietrojeściowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojeściowatym	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojeściowatym	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojeściowaty	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrojeściowaty	nietrojeściowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrojnościach	nietrojność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojnościami	nietrojność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojnością	nietrojność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojności	nietrojność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojności	nietrojność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojności	nietrojność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojności	nietrojność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojności	nietrojność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojnościom	nietrojność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojność	nietrojność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojność	nietrojność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrojna	nietrojny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrojną	nietrojny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrojną	nietrojny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrojnego	nietrojny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrojnego	nietrojny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojnej	nietrojny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrojnej	nietrojny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrojnej	nietrojny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrojnemu	nietrojny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojne	nietrojny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojne	nietrojny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojne	nietrojny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrojne	nietrojny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrojni	nietrojny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrojnych	nietrojny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrojnych	nietrojny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojnych	nietrojny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojnymi	nietrojny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojnym	nietrojny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrojnym	nietrojny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojnym	nietrojny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrojny	nietrojny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrojny	nietrojny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrolejbusowościach	nietrolejbusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowościami	nietrolejbusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowością	nietrolejbusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowości	nietrolejbusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowości	nietrolejbusowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowości	nietrolejbusowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowości	nietrolejbusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowości	nietrolejbusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowościom	nietrolejbusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowość	nietrolejbusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowość	nietrolejbusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrolejbusowa	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrolejbusową	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrolejbusową	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrolejbusowego	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrolejbusowego	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowej	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrolejbusowej	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrolejbusowej	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrolejbusowemu	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowe	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowe	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowe	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrolejbusowe	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrolejbusowi	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrolejbusowych	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrolejbusowych	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowych	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowymi	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowym	nietrolejbusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowym	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowym	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrolejbusowy	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrolejbusowy	nietrolejbusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietromtadraccy	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietromtadracka	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietromtadracką	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietromtadracką	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietromtadrackich	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietromtadrackich	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadrackich	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadrackiego	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietromtadrackiego	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadrackiej	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietromtadrackiej	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietromtadrackiej	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietromtadrackiemu	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadrackie	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadrackie	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadrackie	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietromtadrackie	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietromtadrackimi	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadrackim	nietromtadracki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadrackim	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadrackim	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadracki	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietromtadracki	nietromtadracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietromtadracko	nietromtadracko	adv:pos		
nietromtadrackościach	nietromtadrackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackościami	nietromtadrackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackością	nietromtadrackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackości	nietromtadrackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackości	nietromtadrackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackości	nietromtadrackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackości	nietromtadrackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackości	nietromtadrackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackościom	nietromtadrackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackość	nietromtadrackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadrackość	nietromtadrackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratycznościach	nietromtadratyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratycznościami	nietromtadratyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratycznością	nietromtadratyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczności	nietromtadratyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczności	nietromtadratyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczności	nietromtadratyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczności	nietromtadratyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczności	nietromtadratyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratycznościom	nietromtadratyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczność	nietromtadratyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczność	nietromtadratyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietromtadratyczna	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietromtadratyczną	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietromtadratyczną	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietromtadratycznego	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietromtadratycznego	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadratycznej	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietromtadratycznej	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietromtadratycznej	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietromtadratycznemu	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadratyczne	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadratyczne	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadratyczne	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietromtadratyczne	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietromtadratyczni	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietromtadratycznych	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietromtadratycznych	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadratycznych	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadratycznymi	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadratycznym	nietromtadratyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietromtadratycznym	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadratycznym	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietromtadratyczny	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietromtadratyczny	nietromtadratyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietronowościach	nietronowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowościami	nietronowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowością	nietronowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowości	nietronowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowości	nietronowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowości	nietronowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowości	nietronowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowości	nietronowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowościom	nietronowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowość	nietronowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowość	nietronowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietronowa	nietronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietronową	nietronowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietronową	nietronowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietronowego	nietronowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietronowego	nietronowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietronowej	nietronowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietronowej	nietronowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietronowej	nietronowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietronowemu	nietronowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietronowe	nietronowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietronowe	nietronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietronowe	nietronowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietronowe	nietronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietronowi	nietronowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietronowych	nietronowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietronowych	nietronowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietronowych	nietronowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietronowymi	nietronowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietronowym	nietronowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietronowym	nietronowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietronowym	nietronowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietronowy	nietronowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietronowy	nietronowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietropicielscy	nietropicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietropicielska	nietropicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietropicielską	nietropicielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietropicielską	nietropicielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietropicielskich	nietropicielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietropicielskich	nietropicielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicielskich	nietropicielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicielskiego	nietropicielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietropicielskiego	nietropicielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropicielskiej	nietropicielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietropicielskiej	nietropicielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietropicielskiej	nietropicielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietropicielskiemu	nietropicielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropicielskie	nietropicielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicielskie	nietropicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicielskie	nietropicielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietropicielskie	nietropicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietropicielskimi	nietropicielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicielskim	nietropicielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicielskim	nietropicielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropicielskim	nietropicielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropicielski	nietropicielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietropicielski	nietropicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietropicielsko	nietropicielsko	adv:pos		
nietropicielskościach	nietropicielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskościami	nietropicielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskością	nietropicielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskości	nietropicielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskości	nietropicielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskości	nietropicielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskości	nietropicielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskości	nietropicielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskościom	nietropicielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskość	nietropicielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicielskość	nietropicielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicznościach	nietropiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicznościami	nietropiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicznością	nietropiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczności	nietropiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczności	nietropiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczności	nietropiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczności	nietropiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczności	nietropiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropicznościom	nietropiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczność	nietropiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczność	nietropiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropiczna	nietropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietropiczną	nietropiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietropiczną	nietropiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietropicznego	nietropiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietropicznego	nietropiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropicznej	nietropiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietropicznej	nietropiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietropicznej	nietropiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietropicznemu	nietropiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropiczne	nietropiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropiczne	nietropiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropiczne	nietropiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietropiczne	nietropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietropiczni	nietropiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietropicznych	nietropiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietropicznych	nietropiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicznych	nietropiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicznymi	nietropiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicznym	nietropiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropicznym	nietropiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropicznym	nietropiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropiczny	nietropiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietropiczny	nietropiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietropikalnie	nietropikalnie	adv:pos		
nietropikalnościach	nietropikalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalnościami	nietropikalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalnością	nietropikalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalności	nietropikalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalności	nietropikalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalności	nietropikalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalności	nietropikalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalności	nietropikalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalnościom	nietropikalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalność	nietropikalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalność	nietropikalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikalna	nietropikalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietropikalną	nietropikalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietropikalną	nietropikalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietropikalnego	nietropikalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietropikalnego	nietropikalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikalnej	nietropikalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietropikalnej	nietropikalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietropikalnej	nietropikalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietropikalnemu	nietropikalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikalne	nietropikalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikalne	nietropikalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikalne	nietropikalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietropikalne	nietropikalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietropikalni	nietropikalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietropikalnych	nietropikalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietropikalnych	nietropikalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikalnych	nietropikalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikalnymi	nietropikalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikalnym	nietropikalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikalnym	nietropikalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikalnym	nietropikalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikalny	nietropikalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietropikalny	nietropikalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietropikowościach	nietropikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowościami	nietropikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowością	nietropikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowości	nietropikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowości	nietropikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowości	nietropikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowości	nietropikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowości	nietropikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowościom	nietropikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowość	nietropikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowość	nietropikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropikowa	nietropikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietropikową	nietropikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietropikową	nietropikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietropikowego	nietropikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietropikowego	nietropikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikowej	nietropikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietropikowej	nietropikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietropikowej	nietropikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietropikowemu	nietropikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikowe	nietropikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikowe	nietropikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikowe	nietropikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietropikowe	nietropikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietropikowi	nietropikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietropikowych	nietropikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietropikowych	nietropikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikowych	nietropikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikowymi	nietropikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikowym	nietropikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropikowym	nietropikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikowym	nietropikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropikowy	nietropikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietropikowy	nietropikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietropinowościach	nietropinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowościami	nietropinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowością	nietropinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowości	nietropinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowości	nietropinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowości	nietropinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowości	nietropinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowości	nietropinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowościom	nietropinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowość	nietropinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowość	nietropinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietropinowa	nietropinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietropinową	nietropinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietropinową	nietropinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietropinowego	nietropinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietropinowego	nietropinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropinowej	nietropinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietropinowej	nietropinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietropinowej	nietropinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietropinowemu	nietropinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropinowe	nietropinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropinowe	nietropinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropinowe	nietropinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietropinowe	nietropinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietropinowi	nietropinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietropinowych	nietropinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietropinowych	nietropinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropinowych	nietropinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropinowymi	nietropinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropinowym	nietropinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietropinowym	nietropinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropinowym	nietropinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietropinowy	nietropinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietropinowy	nietropinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroposferycznościach	nietroposferyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferycznościami	nietroposferyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferycznością	nietroposferyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczności	nietroposferyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczności	nietroposferyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczności	nietroposferyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczności	nietroposferyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczności	nietroposferyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferycznościom	nietroposferyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczność	nietroposferyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczność	nietroposferyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroposferyczna	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietroposferyczną	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietroposferyczną	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietroposferycznego	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietroposferycznego	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroposferycznej	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietroposferycznej	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietroposferycznej	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietroposferycznemu	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroposferyczne	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroposferyczne	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroposferyczne	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietroposferyczne	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietroposferyczni	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietroposferycznych	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietroposferycznych	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroposferycznych	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroposferycznymi	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroposferycznym	nietroposferyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroposferycznym	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroposferycznym	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroposferyczny	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietroposferyczny	nietroposferyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroskliwie	nietroskliwie	adv:pos		
nietroskliwościach	nietroskliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwościami	nietroskliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwością	nietroskliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwości	nietroskliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwości	nietroskliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwości	nietroskliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwości	nietroskliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwości	nietroskliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwościom	nietroskliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwość	nietroskliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwość	nietroskliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroskliwa	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietroskliwą	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietroskliwą	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietroskliwego	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietroskliwego	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroskliwej	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietroskliwej	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietroskliwej	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietroskliwemu	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroskliwe	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroskliwe	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroskliwe	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietroskliwe	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietroskliwi	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietroskliwych	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietroskliwych	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroskliwych	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroskliwymi	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroskliwym	nietroskliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroskliwym	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroskliwym	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroskliwy	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietroskliwy	nietroskliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroszyńscy	nietroszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietroszyńska	nietroszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietroszyńską	nietroszyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietroszyńską	nietroszyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietroszyńskich	nietroszyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietroszyńskich	nietroszyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroszyńskich	nietroszyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroszyńskiego	nietroszyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietroszyńskiego	nietroszyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroszyńskiej	nietroszyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietroszyńskiej	nietroszyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietroszyńskiej	nietroszyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietroszyńskiemu	nietroszyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroszyńskie	nietroszyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroszyńskie	nietroszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroszyńskie	nietroszyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietroszyńskie	nietroszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietroszyńskimi	nietroszyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroszyńskim	nietroszyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietroszyńskim	nietroszyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroszyńskim	nietroszyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietroszyński	nietroszyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietroszyński	nietroszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietroszyńsko	nietroszyńsko	adv:pos		
nietroszyńskościach	nietroszyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskościami	nietroszyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskością	nietroszyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskości	nietroszyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskości	nietroszyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskości	nietroszyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskości	nietroszyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskości	nietroszyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskościom	nietroszyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskość	nietroszyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietroszyńskość	nietroszyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowościach	nietrotuarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowościami	nietrotuarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowością	nietrotuarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowości	nietrotuarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowości	nietrotuarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowości	nietrotuarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowości	nietrotuarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowości	nietrotuarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowościom	nietrotuarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowość	nietrotuarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowość	nietrotuarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotuarowa	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrotuarową	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrotuarową	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrotuarowego	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrotuarowego	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotuarowej	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrotuarowej	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrotuarowej	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrotuarowemu	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotuarowe	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotuarowe	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotuarowe	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrotuarowe	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrotuarowi	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrotuarowych	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrotuarowych	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotuarowych	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotuarowymi	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotuarowym	nietrotuarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotuarowym	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotuarowym	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotuarowy	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrotuarowy	nietrotuarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrotylopodobnościach	nietrotylopodobność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobnościami	nietrotylopodobność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobnością	nietrotylopodobność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobności	nietrotylopodobność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobności	nietrotylopodobność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobności	nietrotylopodobność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobności	nietrotylopodobność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobności	nietrotylopodobność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobnościom	nietrotylopodobność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobność	nietrotylopodobność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobność	nietrotylopodobność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylopodobna	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrotylopodobną	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrotylopodobną	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrotylopodobnego	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrotylopodobnego	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobnej	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrotylopodobnej	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrotylopodobnej	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrotylopodobnemu	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobne	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobne	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobne	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrotylopodobne	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrotylopodobni	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrotylopodobnych	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrotylopodobnych	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobnych	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobnymi	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobnym	nietrotylopodobny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobnym	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobnym	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylopodobny	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrotylopodobny	nietrotylopodobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrotylowościach	nietrotylowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowościami	nietrotylowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowością	nietrotylowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowości	nietrotylowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowości	nietrotylowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowości	nietrotylowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowości	nietrotylowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowości	nietrotylowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowościom	nietrotylowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowość	nietrotylowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowość	nietrotylowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrotylowa	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrotylową	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrotylową	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrotylowego	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrotylowego	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylowej	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrotylowej	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrotylowej	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrotylowemu	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylowe	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylowe	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylowe	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrotylowe	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrotylowi	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrotylowych	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrotylowych	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylowych	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylowymi	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylowym	nietrotylowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrotylowym	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylowym	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrotylowy	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrotylowy	nietrotylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójbarwnie	nietrójbarwnie	adv:pos		
nietrójbarwnościach	nietrójbarwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwnościami	nietrójbarwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwnością	nietrójbarwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwności	nietrójbarwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwności	nietrójbarwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwności	nietrójbarwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwności	nietrójbarwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwności	nietrójbarwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwnościom	nietrójbarwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwność	nietrójbarwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwność	nietrójbarwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbarwna	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójbarwną	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójbarwną	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójbarwnego	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójbarwnego	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbarwnej	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójbarwnej	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójbarwnej	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójbarwnemu	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbarwne	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbarwne	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbarwne	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójbarwne	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójbarwni	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójbarwnych	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójbarwnych	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbarwnych	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbarwnymi	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbarwnym	nietrójbarwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbarwnym	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbarwnym	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbarwny	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójbarwny	nietrójbarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójbiegowościach	nietrójbiegowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowościami	nietrójbiegowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowością	nietrójbiegowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowości	nietrójbiegowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowości	nietrójbiegowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowości	nietrójbiegowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowości	nietrójbiegowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowości	nietrójbiegowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowościom	nietrójbiegowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowość	nietrójbiegowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowość	nietrójbiegowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbiegowa	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójbiegową	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójbiegową	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójbiegowego	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójbiegowego	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowej	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójbiegowej	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójbiegowej	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójbiegowemu	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowe	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowe	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowe	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójbiegowe	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójbiegowi	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójbiegowych	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójbiegowych	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowych	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowymi	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowym	nietrójbiegowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowym	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowym	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbiegowy	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójbiegowy	nietrójbiegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójbocznie	nietrójbocznie	adv:pos		
nietrójbocznościach	nietrójboczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbocznościami	nietrójboczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbocznością	nietrójboczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczności	nietrójboczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczności	nietrójboczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczności	nietrójboczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczności	nietrójboczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczności	nietrójboczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbocznościom	nietrójboczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczność	nietrójboczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczność	nietrójboczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójboczna	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójboczną	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójboczną	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójbocznego	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójbocznego	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbocznej	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójbocznej	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójbocznej	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójbocznemu	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójboczne	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójboczne	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójboczne	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójboczne	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójboczni	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójbocznych	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójbocznych	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbocznych	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbocznymi	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbocznym	nietrójboczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbocznym	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbocznym	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójboczny	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójboczny	nietrójboczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójbojowościach	nietrójbojowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowościami	nietrójbojowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowością	nietrójbojowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowości	nietrójbojowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowości	nietrójbojowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowości	nietrójbojowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowości	nietrójbojowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowości	nietrójbojowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowościom	nietrójbojowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowość	nietrójbojowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowość	nietrójbojowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbojowa	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójbojową	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójbojową	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójbojowego	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójbojowego	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbojowej	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójbojowej	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójbojowej	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójbojowemu	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbojowe	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbojowe	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbojowe	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójbojowe	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójbojowi	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójbojowych	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójbojowych	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbojowych	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbojowymi	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbojowym	nietrójbojowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbojowym	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbojowym	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbojowy	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójbojowy	nietrójbojowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznościach	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczucznościami	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczucznością	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczności	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczności	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczności	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczności	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczności	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczucznościom	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczność	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczność	nietrójbuńczuczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójbuńczuczna	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczną	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczną	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznego	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznego	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznej	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznej	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznej	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznemu	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczne	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczne	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczne	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczne	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczni	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznych	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznych	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznych	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznymi	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznym	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznym	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczucznym	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczny	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójbuńczuczny	nietrójbuńczuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójczłonowościach	nietrójczłonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowościami	nietrójczłonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowością	nietrójczłonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowości	nietrójczłonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowości	nietrójczłonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowości	nietrójczłonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowości	nietrójczłonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowości	nietrójczłonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowościom	nietrójczłonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowość	nietrójczłonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowość	nietrójczłonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójczłonowa	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójczłonową	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójczłonową	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójczłonowego	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójczłonowego	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowej	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójczłonowej	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójczłonowej	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójczłonowemu	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowe	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowe	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowe	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójczłonowe	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójczłonowi	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójczłonowych	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójczłonowych	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowych	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowymi	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowym	nietrójczłonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowym	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowym	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójczłonowy	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójczłonowy	nietrójczłonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójdziałowościach	nietrójdziałowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowościami	nietrójdziałowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowością	nietrójdziałowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowości	nietrójdziałowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowości	nietrójdziałowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowości	nietrójdziałowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowości	nietrójdziałowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowości	nietrójdziałowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowościom	nietrójdziałowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowość	nietrójdziałowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowość	nietrójdziałowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdziałowa	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójdziałową	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójdziałową	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójdziałowego	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójdziałowego	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowej	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójdziałowej	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójdziałowej	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójdziałowemu	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowe	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowe	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowe	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójdziałowe	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójdziałowi	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójdziałowych	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójdziałowych	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowych	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowymi	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowym	nietrójdziałowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowym	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowym	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdziałowy	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójdziałowy	nietrójdziałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójdzielnościach	nietrójdzielność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielnościami	nietrójdzielność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielnością	nietrójdzielność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielności	nietrójdzielność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielności	nietrójdzielność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielności	nietrójdzielność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielności	nietrójdzielność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielności	nietrójdzielność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielnościom	nietrójdzielność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielność	nietrójdzielność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielność	nietrójdzielność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójdzielna	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójdzielną	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójdzielną	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójdzielnego	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójdzielnego	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdzielnej	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójdzielnej	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójdzielnej	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójdzielnemu	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdzielne	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdzielne	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdzielne	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójdzielne	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójdzielni	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójdzielnych	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójdzielnych	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdzielnych	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdzielnymi	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdzielnym	nietrójdzielny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójdzielnym	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdzielnym	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójdzielny	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójdzielny	nietrójdzielny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójelektrodowościach	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowościami	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowością	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowości	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowości	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowości	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowości	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowości	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowościom	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowość	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowość	nietrójelektrodowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójelektrodowa	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójelektrodową	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójelektrodową	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójelektrodowego	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójelektrodowego	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowej	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójelektrodowej	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójelektrodowej	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójelektrodowemu	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowe	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowe	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowe	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowe	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowi	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójelektrodowych	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójelektrodowych	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowych	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowymi	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowym	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowym	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowym	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójelektrodowy	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójelektrodowy	nietrójelektrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójfazowościach	nietrójfazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowościami	nietrójfazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowością	nietrójfazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowości	nietrójfazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowości	nietrójfazowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowości	nietrójfazowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowości	nietrójfazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowości	nietrójfazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowościom	nietrójfazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowość	nietrójfazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowość	nietrójfazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójfazowa	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójfazową	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójfazową	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójfazowego	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójfazowego	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójfazowej	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójfazowej	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójfazowej	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójfazowemu	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójfazowe	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójfazowe	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójfazowe	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójfazowe	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójfazowi	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójfazowych	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójfazowych	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójfazowych	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójfazowymi	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójfazowym	nietrójfazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójfazowym	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójfazowym	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójfazowy	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójfazowy	nietrójfazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójgłowościach	nietrójgłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowościami	nietrójgłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowością	nietrójgłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowości	nietrójgłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowości	nietrójgłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowości	nietrójgłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowości	nietrójgłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowości	nietrójgłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowościom	nietrójgłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowość	nietrójgłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowość	nietrójgłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgłowa	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójgłową	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójgłową	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójgłowego	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójgłowego	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgłowej	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójgłowej	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójgłowej	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójgłowemu	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgłowe	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgłowe	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgłowe	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójgłowe	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójgłowi	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójgłowych	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójgłowych	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgłowych	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgłowymi	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgłowym	nietrójgłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgłowym	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgłowym	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgłowy	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójgłowy	nietrójgłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójgraniastościach	nietrójgraniastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastościami	nietrójgraniastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastością	nietrójgraniastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastości	nietrójgraniastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastości	nietrójgraniastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastości	nietrójgraniastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastości	nietrójgraniastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastości	nietrójgraniastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastościom	nietrójgraniastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastość	nietrójgraniastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniastość	nietrójgraniastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójgraniasta	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójgraniastą	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójgraniastą	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójgraniastego	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójgraniastego	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgraniastej	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójgraniastej	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójgraniastej	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójgraniastemu	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgraniaste	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgraniaste	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgraniaste	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójgraniaste	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójgraniastych	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójgraniastych	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgraniastych	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgraniastymi	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgraniastym	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójgraniastym	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgraniastym	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójgraniasty	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójgraniasty	nietrójgraniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójgraniaści	nietrójgraniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkanciastościach	nietrójkanciastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastościami	nietrójkanciastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastością	nietrójkanciastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastości	nietrójkanciastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastości	nietrójkanciastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastości	nietrójkanciastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastości	nietrójkanciastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastości	nietrójkanciastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastościom	nietrójkanciastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastość	nietrójkanciastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciastość	nietrójkanciastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkanciasta	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójkanciastą	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójkanciastą	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójkanciastego	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójkanciastego	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkanciastej	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójkanciastej	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójkanciastej	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójkanciastemu	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkanciaste	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkanciaste	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkanciaste	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójkanciaste	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójkanciastych	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójkanciastych	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkanciastych	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkanciastymi	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkanciastym	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkanciastym	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkanciastym	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkanciasty	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójkanciasty	nietrójkanciasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójkanciaści	nietrójkanciasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkątnie	nietrójkątnie	adv:pos		
nietrójkątnościach	nietrójkątność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątnościami	nietrójkątność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątnością	nietrójkątność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątności	nietrójkątność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątności	nietrójkątność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątności	nietrójkątność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątności	nietrójkątność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątności	nietrójkątność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątnościom	nietrójkątność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątność	nietrójkątność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątność	nietrójkątność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkątna	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójkątną	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójkątną	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójkątnego	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójkątnego	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkątnej	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójkątnej	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójkątnej	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójkątnemu	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkątne	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkątne	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkątne	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójkątne	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójkątni	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkątnych	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójkątnych	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkątnych	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkątnymi	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkątnym	nietrójkątny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkątnym	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkątnym	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkątny	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójkątny	nietrójkątny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójklapowościach	nietrójklapowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowościami	nietrójklapowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowością	nietrójklapowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowości	nietrójklapowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowości	nietrójklapowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowości	nietrójklapowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowości	nietrójklapowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowości	nietrójklapowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowościom	nietrójklapowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowość	nietrójklapowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowość	nietrójklapowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójklapowa	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójklapową	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójklapową	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójklapowego	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójklapowego	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójklapowej	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójklapowej	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójklapowej	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójklapowemu	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójklapowe	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójklapowe	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójklapowe	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójklapowe	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójklapowi	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójklapowych	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójklapowych	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójklapowych	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójklapowymi	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójklapowym	nietrójklapowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójklapowym	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójklapowym	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójklapowy	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójklapowy	nietrójklapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójkolorowościach	nietrójkolorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowościami	nietrójkolorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowością	nietrójkolorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowości	nietrójkolorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowości	nietrójkolorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowości	nietrójkolorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowości	nietrójkolorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowości	nietrójkolorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowościom	nietrójkolorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowość	nietrójkolorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowość	nietrójkolorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkolorowa	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójkolorową	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójkolorową	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójkolorowego	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójkolorowego	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowej	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójkolorowej	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójkolorowej	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójkolorowemu	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowe	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowe	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowe	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójkolorowe	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójkolorowi	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkolorowych	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójkolorowych	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowych	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowymi	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowym	nietrójkolorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowym	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowym	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkolorowy	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójkolorowy	nietrójkolorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójkołowościach	nietrójkołowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowościami	nietrójkołowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowością	nietrójkołowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowości	nietrójkołowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowości	nietrójkołowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowości	nietrójkołowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowości	nietrójkołowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowości	nietrójkołowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowościom	nietrójkołowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowość	nietrójkołowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowość	nietrójkołowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkołowa	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójkołową	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójkołową	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójkołowego	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójkołowego	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkołowej	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójkołowej	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójkołowej	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójkołowemu	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkołowe	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkołowe	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkołowe	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójkołowe	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójkołowi	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkołowych	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójkołowych	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkołowych	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkołowymi	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkołowym	nietrójkołowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkołowym	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkołowym	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkołowy	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójkołowy	nietrójkołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójkomorowościach	nietrójkomorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowościami	nietrójkomorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowością	nietrójkomorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowości	nietrójkomorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowości	nietrójkomorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowości	nietrójkomorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowości	nietrójkomorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowości	nietrójkomorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowościom	nietrójkomorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowość	nietrójkomorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowość	nietrójkomorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkomorowa	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójkomorową	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójkomorową	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójkomorowego	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójkomorowego	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowej	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójkomorowej	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójkomorowej	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójkomorowemu	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowe	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowe	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowe	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójkomorowe	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójkomorowi	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkomorowych	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójkomorowych	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowych	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowymi	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowym	nietrójkomorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowym	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowym	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkomorowy	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójkomorowy	nietrójkomorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójkośnościach	nietrójkośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośnościami	nietrójkośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośnością	nietrójkośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośności	nietrójkośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośności	nietrójkośność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośności	nietrójkośność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośności	nietrójkośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośności	nietrójkośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośnościom	nietrójkośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośność	nietrójkośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośność	nietrójkośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkośna	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójkośną	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójkośną	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójkośnego	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójkośnego	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkośnej	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójkośnej	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójkośnej	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójkośnemu	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkośne	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkośne	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkośne	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójkośne	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójkośni	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkośnych	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójkośnych	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkośnych	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkośnymi	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkośnym	nietrójkośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkośnym	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkośnym	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkośny	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójkośny	nietrójkośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójkowościach	nietrójkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowościami	nietrójkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowością	nietrójkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowości	nietrójkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowości	nietrójkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowości	nietrójkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowości	nietrójkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowości	nietrójkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowościom	nietrójkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowość	nietrójkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowość	nietrójkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójkowa	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójkową	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójkową	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójkowego	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójkowego	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkowej	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójkowej	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójkowej	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójkowemu	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkowe	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkowe	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkowe	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójkowe	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójkowi	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójkowych	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójkowych	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkowych	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkowymi	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkowym	nietrójkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójkowym	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkowym	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójkowy	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójkowy	nietrójkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójlistkowościach	nietrójlistkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowościami	nietrójlistkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowością	nietrójlistkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowości	nietrójlistkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowości	nietrójlistkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowości	nietrójlistkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowości	nietrójlistkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowości	nietrójlistkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowościom	nietrójlistkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowość	nietrójlistkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowość	nietrójlistkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistkowa	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójlistkową	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójlistkową	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójlistkowego	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójlistkowego	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowej	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójlistkowej	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójlistkowej	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójlistkowemu	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowe	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowe	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowe	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójlistkowe	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójlistkowi	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójlistkowych	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójlistkowych	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowych	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowymi	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowym	nietrójlistkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowym	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowym	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistkowy	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójlistkowy	nietrójlistkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójlistnościach	nietrójlistność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistnościami	nietrójlistność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistnością	nietrójlistność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistności	nietrójlistność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistności	nietrójlistność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistności	nietrójlistność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistności	nietrójlistność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistności	nietrójlistność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistnościom	nietrójlistność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistność	nietrójlistność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistność	nietrójlistność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlistna	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójlistną	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójlistną	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójlistnego	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójlistnego	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistnej	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójlistnej	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójlistnej	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójlistnemu	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistne	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistne	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistne	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójlistne	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójlistni	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójlistnych	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójlistnych	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistnych	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistnymi	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistnym	nietrójlistny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlistnym	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistnym	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlistny	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójlistny	nietrójlistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójlojalnościach	nietrójlojalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalnościami	nietrójlojalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalnością	nietrójlojalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalności	nietrójlojalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalności	nietrójlojalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalności	nietrójlojalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalności	nietrójlojalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalności	nietrójlojalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalnościom	nietrójlojalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalność	nietrójlojalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalność	nietrójlojalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlojalna	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójlojalną	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójlojalną	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójlojalnego	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójlojalnego	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlojalnej	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójlojalnej	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójlojalnej	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójlojalnemu	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlojalne	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlojalne	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlojalne	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójlojalne	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójlojalni	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójlojalnych	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójlojalnych	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlojalnych	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlojalnymi	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlojalnym	nietrójlojalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlojalnym	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlojalnym	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlojalny	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójlojalny	nietrójlojalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójlufowościach	nietrójlufowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowościami	nietrójlufowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowością	nietrójlufowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowości	nietrójlufowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowości	nietrójlufowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowości	nietrójlufowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowości	nietrójlufowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowości	nietrójlufowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowościom	nietrójlufowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowość	nietrójlufowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowość	nietrójlufowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójlufowa	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójlufową	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójlufową	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójlufowego	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójlufowego	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlufowej	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójlufowej	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójlufowej	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójlufowemu	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlufowe	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlufowe	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlufowe	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójlufowe	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójlufowi	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójlufowych	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójlufowych	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlufowych	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlufowymi	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlufowym	nietrójlufowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójlufowym	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlufowym	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójlufowy	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójlufowy	nietrójlufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójmasztowościach	nietrójmasztowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowościami	nietrójmasztowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowością	nietrójmasztowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowości	nietrójmasztowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowości	nietrójmasztowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowości	nietrójmasztowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowości	nietrójmasztowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowości	nietrójmasztowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowościom	nietrójmasztowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowość	nietrójmasztowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowość	nietrójmasztowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmasztowa	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójmasztową	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójmasztową	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójmasztowego	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójmasztowego	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowej	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójmasztowej	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójmasztowej	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójmasztowemu	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowe	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowe	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowe	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójmasztowe	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójmasztowi	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójmasztowych	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójmasztowych	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowych	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowymi	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowym	nietrójmasztowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowym	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowym	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmasztowy	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójmasztowy	nietrójmasztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójmiarowo	nietrójmiarowo	adv:pos		
nietrójmiarowościach	nietrójmiarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowościami	nietrójmiarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowością	nietrójmiarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowości	nietrójmiarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowości	nietrójmiarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowości	nietrójmiarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowości	nietrójmiarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowości	nietrójmiarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowościom	nietrójmiarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowość	nietrójmiarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowość	nietrójmiarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiarowa	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójmiarową	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójmiarową	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójmiarowego	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójmiarowego	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowej	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójmiarowej	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójmiarowej	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójmiarowemu	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowe	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowe	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowe	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójmiarowe	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójmiarowi	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójmiarowych	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójmiarowych	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowych	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowymi	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowym	nietrójmiarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowym	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowym	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiarowy	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójmiarowy	nietrójmiarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójmiejscy	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójmiejska	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójmiejską	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójmiejską	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójmiejskich	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójmiejskich	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskich	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskiego	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójmiejskiego	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskiej	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójmiejskiej	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójmiejskiej	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójmiejskiemu	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskie	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskie	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskie	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójmiejskie	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójmiejskimi	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskim	nietrójmiejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskim	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiejskim	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmiejski	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójmiejski	nietrójmiejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójmiejsko	nietrójmiejsko	adv:pos		
nietrójmiejskościach	nietrójmiejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskościami	nietrójmiejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskością	nietrójmiejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskości	nietrójmiejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskości	nietrójmiejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskości	nietrójmiejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskości	nietrójmiejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskości	nietrójmiejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskościom	nietrójmiejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskość	nietrójmiejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmiejskość	nietrójmiejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowościach	nietrójmotorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowościami	nietrójmotorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowością	nietrójmotorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowości	nietrójmotorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowości	nietrójmotorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowości	nietrójmotorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowości	nietrójmotorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowości	nietrójmotorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowościom	nietrójmotorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowość	nietrójmotorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowość	nietrójmotorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójmotorowa	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójmotorową	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójmotorową	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójmotorowego	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójmotorowego	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowej	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójmotorowej	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójmotorowej	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójmotorowemu	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowe	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowe	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowe	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójmotorowe	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójmotorowi	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójmotorowych	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójmotorowych	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowych	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowymi	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowym	nietrójmotorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowym	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowym	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójmotorowy	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójmotorowy	nietrójmotorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójnawowościach	nietrójnawowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowościami	nietrójnawowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowością	nietrójnawowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowości	nietrójnawowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowości	nietrójnawowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowości	nietrójnawowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowości	nietrójnawowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowości	nietrójnawowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowościom	nietrójnawowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowość	nietrójnawowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowość	nietrójnawowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnawowa	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójnawową	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójnawową	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójnawowego	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójnawowego	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnawowej	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójnawowej	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójnawowej	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójnawowemu	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnawowe	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnawowe	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnawowe	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójnawowe	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójnawowi	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójnawowych	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójnawowych	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnawowych	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnawowymi	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnawowym	nietrójnawowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnawowym	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnawowym	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnawowy	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójnawowy	nietrójnawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójnerwowościach	nietrójnerwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowościami	nietrójnerwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowością	nietrójnerwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowości	nietrójnerwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowości	nietrójnerwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowości	nietrójnerwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowości	nietrójnerwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowości	nietrójnerwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowościom	nietrójnerwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowość	nietrójnerwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowość	nietrójnerwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnerwowa	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójnerwową	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójnerwową	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójnerwowego	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójnerwowego	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowej	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójnerwowej	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójnerwowej	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójnerwowemu	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowe	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowe	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowe	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójnerwowe	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójnerwowi	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójnerwowych	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójnerwowych	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowych	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowymi	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowym	nietrójnerwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowym	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowym	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnerwowy	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójnerwowy	nietrójnerwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójnożnościach	nietrójnożność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożnościami	nietrójnożność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożnością	nietrójnożność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożności	nietrójnożność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożności	nietrójnożność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożności	nietrójnożność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożności	nietrójnożność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożności	nietrójnożność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożnościom	nietrójnożność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożność	nietrójnożność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożność	nietrójnożność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójnożna	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójnożną	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójnożną	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójnożnego	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójnożnego	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnożnej	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójnożnej	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójnożnej	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójnożnemu	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnożne	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnożne	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnożne	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójnożne	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójnożni	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójnożnych	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójnożnych	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnożnych	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnożnymi	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnożnym	nietrójnożny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójnożnym	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnożnym	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójnożny	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójnożny	nietrójnożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójosiowościach	nietrójosiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowościami	nietrójosiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowością	nietrójosiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowości	nietrójosiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowości	nietrójosiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowości	nietrójosiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowości	nietrójosiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowości	nietrójosiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowościom	nietrójosiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowość	nietrójosiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowość	nietrójosiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójosiowa	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójosiową	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójosiową	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójosiowego	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójosiowego	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójosiowej	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójosiowej	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójosiowej	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójosiowemu	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójosiowe	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójosiowe	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójosiowe	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójosiowe	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójosiowi	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójosiowych	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójosiowych	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójosiowych	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójosiowymi	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójosiowym	nietrójosiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójosiowym	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójosiowym	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójosiowy	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójosiowy	nietrójosiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpalczastościach	nietrójpalczastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastościami	nietrójpalczastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastością	nietrójpalczastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastości	nietrójpalczastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastości	nietrójpalczastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastości	nietrójpalczastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastości	nietrójpalczastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastości	nietrójpalczastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastościom	nietrójpalczastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastość	nietrójpalczastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczastość	nietrójpalczastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpalczasta	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpalczastą	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpalczastą	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpalczastego	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpalczastego	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpalczastej	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpalczastej	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpalczastej	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpalczastemu	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpalczaste	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpalczaste	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpalczaste	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpalczaste	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpalczastych	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpalczastych	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpalczastych	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpalczastymi	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpalczastym	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpalczastym	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpalczastym	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpalczasty	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpalczasty	nietrójpalczasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpalczaści	nietrójpalczasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpasmowościach	nietrójpasmowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowościami	nietrójpasmowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowością	nietrójpasmowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowości	nietrójpasmowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowości	nietrójpasmowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowości	nietrójpasmowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowości	nietrójpasmowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowości	nietrójpasmowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowościom	nietrójpasmowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowość	nietrójpasmowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowość	nietrójpasmowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpasmowa	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpasmową	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpasmową	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpasmowego	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpasmowego	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowej	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpasmowej	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpasmowej	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpasmowemu	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowe	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowe	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowe	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpasmowe	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpasmowi	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpasmowych	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpasmowych	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowych	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowymi	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowym	nietrójpasmowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowym	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowym	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpasmowy	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpasmowy	nietrójpasmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpaszczęcy	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpaszczęka	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpaszczęką	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpaszczęką	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpaszczękich	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpaszczękich	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękich	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękiego	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpaszczękiego	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękiej	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpaszczękiej	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpaszczękiej	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpaszczękiemu	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękie	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękie	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękie	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękie	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękimi	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękim	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękim	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczękim	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpaszczęki	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpaszczęki	nietrójpaszczęki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpaszczękościach	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękościami	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękością	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękości	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękości	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękości	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękości	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękości	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękościom	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękość	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpaszczękość	nietrójpaszczękość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpiennościach	nietrójpienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpiennościami	nietrójpienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpiennością	nietrójpienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienności	nietrójpienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienności	nietrójpienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienności	nietrójpienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienności	nietrójpienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienności	nietrójpienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpiennościom	nietrójpienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienność	nietrójpienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienność	nietrójpienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpienna	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpienną	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpienną	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpiennego	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpiennego	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpiennej	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpiennej	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpiennej	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpiennemu	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpienne	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpienne	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpienne	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpienne	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpienni	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpiennych	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpiennych	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpiennych	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpiennymi	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpiennym	nietrójpienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpiennym	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpiennym	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpienny	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpienny	nietrójpienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpokładowościach	nietrójpokładowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowościami	nietrójpokładowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowością	nietrójpokładowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowości	nietrójpokładowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowości	nietrójpokładowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowości	nietrójpokładowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowości	nietrójpokładowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowości	nietrójpokładowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowościom	nietrójpokładowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowość	nietrójpokładowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowość	nietrójpokładowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokładowa	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpokładową	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpokładową	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpokładowego	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpokładowego	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowej	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpokładowej	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpokładowej	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpokładowemu	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowe	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowe	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowe	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpokładowe	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpokładowi	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpokładowych	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpokładowych	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowych	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowymi	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowym	nietrójpokładowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowym	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowym	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokładowy	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpokładowy	nietrójpokładowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowościach	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowościami	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowością	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowości	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowości	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowości	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowości	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowości	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowościom	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowość	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowość	nietrójpokrętkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpokrętkowa	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpokrętkową	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpokrętkową	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowego	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowego	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowej	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowej	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowej	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowemu	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowe	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowe	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowe	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowe	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowi	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowych	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowych	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowych	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowymi	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowym	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowym	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowym	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowy	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpokrętkowy	nietrójpokrętkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpolowościach	nietrójpolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowościami	nietrójpolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowością	nietrójpolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowości	nietrójpolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowości	nietrójpolowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowości	nietrójpolowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowości	nietrójpolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowości	nietrójpolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowościom	nietrójpolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowość	nietrójpolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowość	nietrójpolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpolowa	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpolową	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpolową	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpolowego	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpolowego	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpolowej	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpolowej	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpolowej	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpolowemu	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpolowe	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpolowe	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpolowe	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpolowe	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpolowi	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpolowych	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpolowych	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpolowych	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpolowymi	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpolowym	nietrójpolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpolowym	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpolowym	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpolowy	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpolowy	nietrójpolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójprężnościach	nietrójprężność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężnościami	nietrójprężność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężnością	nietrójprężność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężności	nietrójprężność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężności	nietrójprężność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężności	nietrójprężność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężności	nietrójprężność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężności	nietrójprężność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężnościom	nietrójprężność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężność	nietrójprężność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężność	nietrójprężność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójprężna	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójprężną	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójprężną	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójprężnego	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójprężnego	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójprężnej	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójprężnej	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójprężnej	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójprężnemu	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójprężne	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójprężne	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójprężne	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójprężne	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójprężni	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójprężnych	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójprężnych	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójprężnych	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójprężnymi	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójprężnym	nietrójprężny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójprężnym	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójprężnym	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójprężny	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójprężny	nietrójprężny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójpunktowościach	nietrójpunktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowościami	nietrójpunktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowością	nietrójpunktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowości	nietrójpunktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowości	nietrójpunktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowości	nietrójpunktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowości	nietrójpunktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowości	nietrójpunktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowościom	nietrójpunktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowość	nietrójpunktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowość	nietrójpunktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójpunktowa	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójpunktową	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójpunktową	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójpunktowego	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójpunktowego	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowej	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójpunktowej	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójpunktowej	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójpunktowemu	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowe	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowe	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowe	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójpunktowe	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójpunktowi	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójpunktowych	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójpunktowych	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowych	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowymi	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowym	nietrójpunktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowym	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowym	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójpunktowy	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójpunktowy	nietrójpunktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójramiennościach	nietrójramienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramiennościami	nietrójramienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramiennością	nietrójramienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienności	nietrójramienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienności	nietrójramienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienności	nietrójramienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienności	nietrójramienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienności	nietrójramienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramiennościom	nietrójramienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienność	nietrójramienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienność	nietrójramienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójramienna	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójramienną	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójramienną	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójramiennego	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójramiennego	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójramiennej	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójramiennej	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójramiennej	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójramiennemu	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójramienne	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójramienne	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójramienne	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójramienne	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójramienni	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójramiennych	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójramiennych	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójramiennych	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójramiennymi	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójramiennym	nietrójramienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójramiennym	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójramiennym	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójramienny	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójramienny	nietrójramienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójrogatościach	nietrójrogatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatościami	nietrójrogatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatością	nietrójrogatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatości	nietrójrogatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatości	nietrójrogatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatości	nietrójrogatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatości	nietrójrogatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatości	nietrójrogatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatościom	nietrójrogatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatość	nietrójrogatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogatość	nietrójrogatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogaci	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójrogata	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójrogatą	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójrogatą	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójrogatego	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójrogatego	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogatej	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójrogatej	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójrogatej	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójrogatemu	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogate	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogate	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogate	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójrogate	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójrogatych	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójrogatych	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogatych	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogatymi	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogatym	nietrójrogaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogatym	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogatym	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogaty	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójrogaty	nietrójrogaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójrodzy	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójroga	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójrogą	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójrogą	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójrogich	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójrogich	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogich	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogiego	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójrogiego	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogiej	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójrogiej	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójrogiej	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójrogiemu	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogie	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogie	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogie	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójrogie	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójrogimi	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogim	nietrójrogi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójrogim	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogim	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójrogi	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójrogi	nietrójrogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójrogościach	nietrójrogość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogościami	nietrójrogość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogością	nietrójrogość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogości	nietrójrogość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogości	nietrójrogość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogości	nietrójrogość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogości	nietrójrogość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogości	nietrójrogość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogościom	nietrójrogość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogość	nietrójrogość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójrogość	nietrójrogość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójscenicznościach	nietrójsceniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójscenicznościami	nietrójsceniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójscenicznością	nietrójsceniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczności	nietrójsceniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczności	nietrójsceniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczności	nietrójsceniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczności	nietrójsceniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczności	nietrójsceniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójscenicznościom	nietrójsceniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczność	nietrójsceniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczność	nietrójsceniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsceniczna	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójsceniczną	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójsceniczną	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójscenicznego	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójscenicznego	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójscenicznej	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójscenicznej	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójscenicznej	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójscenicznemu	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsceniczne	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsceniczne	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsceniczne	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójsceniczne	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójsceniczni	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójscenicznych	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójscenicznych	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójscenicznych	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójscenicznymi	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójscenicznym	nietrójsceniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójscenicznym	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójscenicznym	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsceniczny	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójsceniczny	nietrójsceniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójsiecznościach	nietrójsieczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiecznościami	nietrójsieczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiecznością	nietrójsieczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczności	nietrójsieczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczności	nietrójsieczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczności	nietrójsieczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczności	nietrójsieczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczności	nietrójsieczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiecznościom	nietrójsieczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczność	nietrójsieczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczność	nietrójsieczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsieczna	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójsieczną	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójsieczną	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójsiecznego	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójsiecznego	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsiecznej	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójsiecznej	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójsiecznej	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójsiecznemu	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsieczne	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsieczne	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsieczne	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójsieczne	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójsieczni	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójsiecznych	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójsiecznych	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiecznych	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiecznymi	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiecznym	nietrójsieczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiecznym	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsiecznym	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsieczny	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójsieczny	nietrójsieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójsiemnościach	nietrójsiemność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemnościami	nietrójsiemność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemnością	nietrójsiemność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemności	nietrójsiemność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemności	nietrójsiemność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemności	nietrójsiemność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemności	nietrójsiemność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemności	nietrójsiemność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemnościom	nietrójsiemność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemność	nietrójsiemność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemność	nietrójsiemność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójsiemna	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójsiemną	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójsiemną	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójsiemnego	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójsiemnego	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsiemnej	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójsiemnej	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójsiemnej	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójsiemnemu	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsiemne	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiemne	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiemne	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójsiemne	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójsiemni	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójsiemnych	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójsiemnych	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiemnych	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiemnymi	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiemnym	nietrójsiemny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójsiemnym	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsiemnym	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójsiemny	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójsiemny	nietrójsiemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójskibowościach	nietrójskibowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowościami	nietrójskibowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowością	nietrójskibowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowości	nietrójskibowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowości	nietrójskibowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowości	nietrójskibowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowości	nietrójskibowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowości	nietrójskibowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowościom	nietrójskibowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowość	nietrójskibowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowość	nietrójskibowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskibowa	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójskibową	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójskibową	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójskibowego	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójskibowego	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskibowej	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójskibowej	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójskibowej	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójskibowemu	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskibowe	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskibowe	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskibowe	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójskibowe	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójskibowi	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójskibowych	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójskibowych	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskibowych	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskibowymi	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskibowym	nietrójskibowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskibowym	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskibowym	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskibowy	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójskibowy	nietrójskibowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójskośnościach	nietrójskośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośnościami	nietrójskośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośnością	nietrójskośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośności	nietrójskośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośności	nietrójskośność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośności	nietrójskośność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośności	nietrójskośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośności	nietrójskośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośnościom	nietrójskośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośność	nietrójskośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośność	nietrójskośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskośna	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójskośną	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójskośną	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójskośnego	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójskośnego	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskośnej	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójskośnej	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójskośnej	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójskośnemu	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskośne	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskośne	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskośne	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójskośne	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójskośni	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójskośnych	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójskośnych	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskośnych	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskośnymi	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskośnym	nietrójskośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskośnym	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskośnym	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskośny	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójskośny	nietrójskośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnościach	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlnościami	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlnością	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlności	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlności	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlności	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlności	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlności	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlnościom	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlność	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlność	nietrójskrzydlność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójskrzydlna	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójskrzydlną	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójskrzydlną	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnego	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnego	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnej	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnej	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnej	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnemu	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlne	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlne	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlne	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlne	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlni	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnych	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnych	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnych	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnymi	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnym	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnym	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlnym	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójskrzydlny	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójskrzydlny	nietrójskrzydlny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójstronnościach	nietrójstronność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronnościami	nietrójstronność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronnością	nietrójstronność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronności	nietrójstronność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronności	nietrójstronność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronności	nietrójstronność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronności	nietrójstronność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronności	nietrójstronność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronnościom	nietrójstronność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronność	nietrójstronność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronność	nietrójstronność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstronna	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójstronną	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójstronną	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójstronnego	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójstronnego	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstronnej	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójstronnej	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójstronnej	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójstronnemu	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstronne	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstronne	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstronne	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójstronne	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójstronni	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójstronnych	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójstronnych	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstronnych	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstronnymi	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstronnym	nietrójstronny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstronnym	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstronnym	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstronny	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójstronny	nietrójstronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowościach	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowościami	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowością	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowości	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowości	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowości	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowości	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowości	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowościom	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowość	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowość	nietrójstrumieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrumieniowa	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójstrumieniową	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójstrumieniową	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowego	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowego	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowej	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowej	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowej	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowemu	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowe	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowe	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowe	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowe	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowi	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowych	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowych	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowych	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowymi	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowym	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowym	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowym	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowy	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójstrumieniowy	nietrójstrumieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójstrunnościach	nietrójstrunność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunnościami	nietrójstrunność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunnością	nietrójstrunność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunności	nietrójstrunność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunności	nietrójstrunność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunności	nietrójstrunność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunności	nietrójstrunność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunności	nietrójstrunność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunnościom	nietrójstrunność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunność	nietrójstrunność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunność	nietrójstrunność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójstrunna	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójstrunną	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójstrunną	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójstrunnego	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójstrunnego	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrunnej	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójstrunnej	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójstrunnej	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójstrunnemu	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrunne	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrunne	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrunne	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójstrunne	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójstrunni	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójstrunnych	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójstrunnych	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrunnych	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrunnymi	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrunnym	nietrójstrunny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójstrunnym	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrunnym	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójstrunny	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójstrunny	nietrójstrunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójszczękowościach	nietrójszczękowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowościami	nietrójszczękowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowością	nietrójszczękowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowości	nietrójszczękowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowości	nietrójszczękowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowości	nietrójszczękowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowości	nietrójszczękowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowości	nietrójszczękowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowościom	nietrójszczękowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowość	nietrójszczękowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowość	nietrójszczękowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójszczękowa	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójszczękową	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójszczękową	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójszczękowego	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójszczękowego	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowej	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójszczękowej	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójszczękowej	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójszczękowemu	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowe	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowe	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowe	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójszczękowe	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójszczękowi	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójszczękowych	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójszczękowych	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowych	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowymi	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowym	nietrójszczękowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowym	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowym	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójszczękowy	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójszczękowy	nietrójszczękowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójściennościach	nietrójścienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójściennościami	nietrójścienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójściennością	nietrójścienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienności	nietrójścienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienności	nietrójścienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienności	nietrójścienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienności	nietrójścienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienności	nietrójścienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójściennościom	nietrójścienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienność	nietrójścienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienność	nietrójścienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójścienna	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójścienną	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójścienną	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójściennego	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójściennego	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójściennej	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójściennej	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójściennej	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójściennemu	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójścienne	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójścienne	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójścienne	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójścienne	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójścienni	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójściennych	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójściennych	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójściennych	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójściennymi	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójściennym	nietrójścienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójściennym	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójściennym	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójścienny	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójścienny	nietrójścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójtaśmowościach	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowościami	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowością	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowości	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowości	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowości	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowości	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowości	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowościom	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowość	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowość	nietrójtaśmowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtaśmowa	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójtaśmową	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójtaśmową	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójtaśmowego	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójtaśmowego	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowej	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójtaśmowej	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójtaśmowej	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójtaśmowemu	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowe	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowe	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowe	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowe	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowi	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójtaśmowych	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójtaśmowych	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowych	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowymi	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowym	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowym	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowym	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtaśmowy	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójtaśmowy	nietrójtaśmowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójtraktowościach	nietrójtraktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowościami	nietrójtraktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowością	nietrójtraktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowości	nietrójtraktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowości	nietrójtraktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowości	nietrójtraktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowości	nietrójtraktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowości	nietrójtraktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowościom	nietrójtraktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowość	nietrójtraktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowość	nietrójtraktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójtraktowa	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójtraktową	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójtraktową	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójtraktowego	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójtraktowego	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowej	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójtraktowej	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójtraktowej	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójtraktowemu	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowe	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowe	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowe	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójtraktowe	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójtraktowi	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójtraktowych	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójtraktowych	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowych	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowymi	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowym	nietrójtraktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowym	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowym	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójtraktowy	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójtraktowy	nietrójtraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójwapniowościach	nietrójwapniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowościami	nietrójwapniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowością	nietrójwapniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowości	nietrójwapniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowości	nietrójwapniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowości	nietrójwapniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowości	nietrójwapniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowości	nietrójwapniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowościom	nietrójwapniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowość	nietrójwapniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowość	nietrójwapniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwapniowa	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójwapniową	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójwapniową	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójwapniowego	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójwapniowego	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowej	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójwapniowej	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójwapniowej	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójwapniowemu	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowe	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowe	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowe	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójwapniowe	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójwapniowi	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójwapniowych	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójwapniowych	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowych	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowymi	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowym	nietrójwapniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowym	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowym	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwapniowy	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójwapniowy	nietrójwapniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójwartościowościach	nietrójwartościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowościami	nietrójwartościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowością	nietrójwartościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowości	nietrójwartościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowości	nietrójwartościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowości	nietrójwartościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowości	nietrójwartościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowości	nietrójwartościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowościom	nietrójwartościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowość	nietrójwartościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowość	nietrójwartościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwartościowa	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójwartościową	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójwartościową	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójwartościowego	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójwartościowego	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowej	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójwartościowej	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójwartościowej	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójwartościowemu	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowe	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowe	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowe	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójwartościowe	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójwartościowi	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójwartościowych	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójwartościowych	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowych	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowymi	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowym	nietrójwartościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowym	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowym	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwartościowy	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójwartościowy	nietrójwartościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójwierszowościach	nietrójwierszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowościami	nietrójwierszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowością	nietrójwierszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowości	nietrójwierszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowości	nietrójwierszowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowości	nietrójwierszowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowości	nietrójwierszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowości	nietrójwierszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowościom	nietrójwierszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowość	nietrójwierszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowość	nietrójwierszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwierszowa	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójwierszową	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójwierszową	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójwierszowego	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójwierszowego	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowej	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójwierszowej	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójwierszowej	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójwierszowemu	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowe	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowe	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowe	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójwierszowe	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójwierszowi	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójwierszowych	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójwierszowych	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowych	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowymi	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowym	nietrójwierszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowym	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowym	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwierszowy	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójwierszowy	nietrójwierszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójwymiarowo	nietrójwymiarowo	adv:pos		
nietrójwymiarowościach	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowościami	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowością	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowości	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowości	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowości	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowości	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowości	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowościom	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowość	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowość	nietrójwymiarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójwymiarowa	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójwymiarową	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójwymiarową	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójwymiarowego	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójwymiarowego	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowej	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójwymiarowej	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójwymiarowej	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójwymiarowemu	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowe	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowe	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowe	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowe	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowi	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójwymiarowych	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójwymiarowych	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowych	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowymi	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowym	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowym	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowym	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójwymiarowy	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójwymiarowy	nietrójwymiarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójzaborowościach	nietrójzaborowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowościami	nietrójzaborowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowością	nietrójzaborowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowości	nietrójzaborowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowości	nietrójzaborowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowości	nietrójzaborowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowości	nietrójzaborowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowości	nietrójzaborowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowościom	nietrójzaborowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowość	nietrójzaborowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowość	nietrójzaborowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzaborowa	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójzaborową	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójzaborową	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójzaborowego	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójzaborowego	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowej	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójzaborowej	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójzaborowej	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójzaborowemu	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowe	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowe	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowe	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójzaborowe	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójzaborowi	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójzaborowych	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójzaborowych	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowych	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowymi	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowym	nietrójzaborowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowym	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowym	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzaborowy	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójzaborowy	nietrójzaborowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójzasadowościach	nietrójzasadowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowościami	nietrójzasadowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowością	nietrójzasadowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowości	nietrójzasadowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowości	nietrójzasadowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowości	nietrójzasadowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowości	nietrójzasadowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowości	nietrójzasadowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowościom	nietrójzasadowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowość	nietrójzasadowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowość	nietrójzasadowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzasadowa	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójzasadową	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójzasadową	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójzasadowego	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójzasadowego	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowej	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójzasadowej	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójzasadowej	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójzasadowemu	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowe	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowe	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowe	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójzasadowe	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójzasadowi	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójzasadowych	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójzasadowych	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowych	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowymi	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowym	nietrójzasadowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowym	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowym	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzasadowy	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójzasadowy	nietrójzasadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójzębnościach	nietrójzębność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębnościami	nietrójzębność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębnością	nietrójzębność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębności	nietrójzębność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębności	nietrójzębność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębności	nietrójzębność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębności	nietrójzębność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębności	nietrójzębność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębnościom	nietrójzębność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębność	nietrójzębność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębność	nietrójzębność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzębna	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójzębną	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójzębną	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójzębnego	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójzębnego	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzębnej	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójzębnej	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójzębnej	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójzębnemu	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzębne	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzębne	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzębne	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójzębne	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójzębni	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójzębnych	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójzębnych	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzębnych	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzębnymi	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzębnym	nietrójzębny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzębnym	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzębnym	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzębny	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójzębny	nietrójzębny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójzmianowościach	nietrójzmianowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowościami	nietrójzmianowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowością	nietrójzmianowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowości	nietrójzmianowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowości	nietrójzmianowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowości	nietrójzmianowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowości	nietrójzmianowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowości	nietrójzmianowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowościom	nietrójzmianowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowość	nietrójzmianowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowość	nietrójzmianowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójzmianowa	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójzmianową	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójzmianową	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójzmianowego	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójzmianowego	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowej	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójzmianowej	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójzmianowej	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójzmianowemu	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowe	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowe	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowe	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójzmianowe	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójzmianowi	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójzmianowych	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójzmianowych	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowych	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowymi	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowym	nietrójzmianowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowym	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowym	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójzmianowy	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójzmianowy	nietrójzmianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrójżaglowościach	nietrójżaglowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowościami	nietrójżaglowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowością	nietrójżaglowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowości	nietrójżaglowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowości	nietrójżaglowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowości	nietrójżaglowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowości	nietrójżaglowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowości	nietrójżaglowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowościom	nietrójżaglowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowość	nietrójżaglowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowość	nietrójżaglowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrójżaglowa	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrójżaglową	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrójżaglową	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrójżaglowego	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrójżaglowego	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowej	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrójżaglowej	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrójżaglowej	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrójżaglowemu	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowe	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowe	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowe	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrójżaglowe	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrójżaglowi	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrójżaglowych	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrójżaglowych	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowych	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowymi	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowym	nietrójżaglowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowym	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowym	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrójżaglowy	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrójżaglowy	nietrójżaglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrubadurscy	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrubadurska	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrubadurską	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrubadurską	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrubadurskich	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrubadurskich	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrubadurskich	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrubadurskiego	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrubadurskiego	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrubadurskiej	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrubadurskiej	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrubadurskiej	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrubadurskiemu	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrubadurskie	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrubadurskie	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrubadurskie	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrubadurskie	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrubadurskimi	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrubadurskim	nietrubadurski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrubadurskim	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrubadurskim	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrubadurski	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrubadurski	nietrubadurski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrubadursko	nietrubadursko	adv:pos		
nietrubadurskościach	nietrubadurskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskościami	nietrubadurskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskością	nietrubadurskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskości	nietrubadurskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskości	nietrubadurskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskości	nietrubadurskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskości	nietrubadurskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskości	nietrubadurskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskościom	nietrubadurskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskość	nietrubadurskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrubadurskość	nietrubadurskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielscy	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrucicielska	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrucicielską	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrucicielską	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrucicielskich	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrucicielskich	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrucicielskich	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrucicielskiego	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrucicielskiego	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrucicielskiej	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrucicielskiej	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrucicielskiej	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrucicielskiemu	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrucicielskie	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrucicielskie	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrucicielskie	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrucicielskie	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrucicielskimi	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrucicielskim	nietrucicielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrucicielskim	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrucicielskim	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrucicielski	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrucicielski	nietrucicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrucicielsko	nietrucicielsko	adv:pos		
nietrucicielskościach	nietrucicielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskościami	nietrucicielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskością	nietrucicielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskości	nietrucicielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskości	nietrucicielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskości	nietrucicielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskości	nietrucicielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskości	nietrucicielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskościom	nietrucicielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskość	nietrucicielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrucicielskość	nietrucicielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawo	nietrudnawo	adv:pos		
nietrudnawościach	nietrudnawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawościami	nietrudnawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawością	nietrudnawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawości	nietrudnawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawości	nietrudnawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawości	nietrudnawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawości	nietrudnawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawości	nietrudnawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawościom	nietrudnawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawość	nietrudnawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawość	nietrudnawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnawa	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrudnawą	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrudnawą	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrudnawego	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrudnawego	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnawej	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrudnawej	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrudnawej	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrudnawemu	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnawe	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnawe	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnawe	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrudnawe	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrudnawi	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrudnawych	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrudnawych	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnawych	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnawymi	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnawym	nietrudnawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnawym	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnawym	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnawy	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrudnawy	nietrudnawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrudnie	nietrudnie	adv:pos		
nietrudno	nietrudno	adv:pos		
nietrudnołamliwościach	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwościami	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwością	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwości	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwości	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwości	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwości	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwości	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwościom	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwość	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwość	nietrudnołamliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnołamliwa	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrudnołamliwą	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrudnołamliwą	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrudnołamliwego	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrudnołamliwego	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwej	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrudnołamliwej	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrudnołamliwej	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrudnołamliwemu	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwe	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwe	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwe	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwe	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwi	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrudnołamliwych	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrudnołamliwych	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwych	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwymi	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwym	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwym	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwym	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnołamliwy	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrudnołamliwy	nietrudnołamliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrudnopalnościach	nietrudnopalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalnościami	nietrudnopalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalnością	nietrudnopalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalności	nietrudnopalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalności	nietrudnopalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalności	nietrudnopalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalności	nietrudnopalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalności	nietrudnopalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalnościom	nietrudnopalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalność	nietrudnopalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalność	nietrudnopalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnopalna	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrudnopalną	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrudnopalną	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrudnopalnego	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrudnopalnego	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnopalnej	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrudnopalnej	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrudnopalnej	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrudnopalnemu	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnopalne	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnopalne	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnopalne	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrudnopalne	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrudnopalni	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrudnopalnych	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrudnopalnych	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnopalnych	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnopalnymi	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnopalnym	nietrudnopalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnopalnym	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnopalnym	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnopalny	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrudnopalny	nietrudnopalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrudnościach	nietrudność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnościami	nietrudność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnością	nietrudność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudności	nietrudność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudności	nietrudność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudności	nietrudność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudności	nietrudność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudności	nietrudność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudnościom	nietrudność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudność	nietrudność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudność	nietrudność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudna	nietrudny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrudną	nietrudny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrudną	nietrudny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrudnego	nietrudny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrudnego	nietrudny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnej	nietrudny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrudnej	nietrudny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrudnej	nietrudny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrudnemu	nietrudny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudne	nietrudny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudne	nietrudny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudne	nietrudny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrudne	nietrudny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrudni	nietrudny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrudnych	nietrudny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrudnych	nietrudny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnych	nietrudny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnymi	nietrudny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnym	nietrudny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudnym	nietrudny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudnym	nietrudny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudny	nietrudny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrudny	nietrudny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrudziczkowatościach	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatościami	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatością	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatości	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatości	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatości	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatości	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatości	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatościom	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatość	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowatość	nietrudziczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrudziczkowaci	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrudziczkowata	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrudziczkowatą	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrudziczkowatą	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrudziczkowatego	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrudziczkowatego	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowatej	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrudziczkowatej	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrudziczkowatej	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrudziczkowatemu	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowate	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowate	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowate	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrudziczkowate	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrudziczkowatych	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrudziczkowatych	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowatych	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowatymi	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowatym	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowatym	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowatym	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrudziczkowaty	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrudziczkowaty	nietrudziczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietruflowatościach	nietruflowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatościami	nietruflowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatością	nietruflowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatości	nietruflowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatości	nietruflowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatości	nietruflowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatości	nietruflowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatości	nietruflowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatościom	nietruflowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatość	nietruflowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowatość	nietruflowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowaci	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietruflowata	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietruflowatą	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietruflowatą	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietruflowatego	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietruflowatego	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowatej	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietruflowatej	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietruflowatej	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietruflowatemu	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowate	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowate	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowate	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietruflowate	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietruflowatych	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietruflowatych	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowatych	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowatymi	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowatym	nietruflowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowatym	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowatym	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowaty	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietruflowaty	nietruflowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietruflowościach	nietruflowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowościami	nietruflowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowością	nietruflowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowości	nietruflowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowości	nietruflowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowości	nietruflowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowości	nietruflowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowości	nietruflowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowościom	nietruflowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowość	nietruflowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowość	nietruflowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruflowa	nietruflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietruflową	nietruflowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietruflową	nietruflowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietruflowego	nietruflowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietruflowego	nietruflowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowej	nietruflowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietruflowej	nietruflowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietruflowej	nietruflowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietruflowemu	nietruflowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowe	nietruflowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowe	nietruflowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowe	nietruflowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietruflowe	nietruflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietruflowi	nietruflowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietruflowych	nietruflowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietruflowych	nietruflowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowych	nietruflowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowymi	nietruflowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowym	nietruflowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruflowym	nietruflowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowym	nietruflowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruflowy	nietruflowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietruflowy	nietruflowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietruistycznościach	nietruistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistycznościami	nietruistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistycznością	nietruistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczności	nietruistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczności	nietruistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczności	nietruistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczności	nietruistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczności	nietruistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistycznościom	nietruistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczność	nietruistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczność	nietruistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruistyczna	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietruistyczną	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietruistyczną	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietruistycznego	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietruistycznego	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruistycznej	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietruistycznej	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietruistycznej	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietruistycznemu	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruistyczne	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruistyczne	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruistyczne	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietruistyczne	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietruistyczni	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietruistycznych	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietruistycznych	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruistycznych	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruistycznymi	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruistycznym	nietruistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruistycznym	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruistycznym	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruistyczny	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietruistyczny	nietruistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrująco	nietrująco	adv:pos		
nietrująca	nietrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrującą	nietrujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrującą	nietrujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrującego	nietrujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrującego	nietrujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrującej	nietrujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrującej	nietrujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrującej	nietrujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrującemu	nietrujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrujące	nietrujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrujące	nietrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrujące	nietrujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrujące	nietrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrujących	nietrujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrujących	nietrujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrujących	nietrujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrującymi	nietrujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrującym	nietrujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrującym	nietrujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrującym	nietrujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrujący	nietrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrujący	nietrujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrujący	nietrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrumiennościach	nietrumienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumiennościami	nietrumienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumiennością	nietrumienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienności	nietrumienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienności	nietrumienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienności	nietrumienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienności	nietrumienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienności	nietrumienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumiennościom	nietrumienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienność	nietrumienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienność	nietrumienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumienna	nietrumienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrumienną	nietrumienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrumienną	nietrumienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrumiennego	nietrumienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrumiennego	nietrumienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumiennej	nietrumienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrumiennej	nietrumienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrumiennej	nietrumienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrumiennemu	nietrumienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumienne	nietrumienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumienne	nietrumienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumienne	nietrumienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrumienne	nietrumienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrumienni	nietrumienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrumiennych	nietrumienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrumiennych	nietrumienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumiennych	nietrumienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumiennymi	nietrumienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumiennym	nietrumienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumiennym	nietrumienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumiennym	nietrumienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumienny	nietrumienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrumienny	nietrumienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrumnianościach	nietrumnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianościami	nietrumnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianością	nietrumnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianości	nietrumnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianości	nietrumnianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianości	nietrumnianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianości	nietrumnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianości	nietrumnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianościom	nietrumnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianość	nietrumnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumnianość	nietrumnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniana	nietrumniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrumnianą	nietrumniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrumnianą	nietrumniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrumnianego	nietrumniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrumnianego	nietrumniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumnianej	nietrumniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrumnianej	nietrumniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrumnianej	nietrumniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrumnianemu	nietrumniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumniane	nietrumniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniane	nietrumniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniane	nietrumniany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrumniane	nietrumniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrumniani	nietrumniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrumnianych	nietrumniany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrumnianych	nietrumniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumnianych	nietrumniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumnianymi	nietrumniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumnianym	nietrumniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumnianym	nietrumniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumnianym	nietrumniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumniany	nietrumniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrumniany	nietrumniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrumniarscy	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrumniarska	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrumniarską	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrumniarską	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrumniarskich	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrumniarskich	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniarskich	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniarskiego	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrumniarskiego	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumniarskiej	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrumniarskiej	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrumniarskiej	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrumniarskiemu	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumniarskie	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniarskie	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniarskie	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrumniarskie	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrumniarskimi	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniarskim	nietrumniarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrumniarskim	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumniarskim	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrumniarski	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrumniarski	nietrumniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrumniarsko	nietrumniarsko	adv:pos		
nietrumniarskościach	nietrumniarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskościami	nietrumniarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskością	nietrumniarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskości	nietrumniarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskości	nietrumniarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskości	nietrumniarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskości	nietrumniarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskości	nietrumniarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskościom	nietrumniarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskość	nietrumniarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrumniarskość	nietrumniarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowościach	nietrunkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowościami	nietrunkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowością	nietrunkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowości	nietrunkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowości	nietrunkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowości	nietrunkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowości	nietrunkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowości	nietrunkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowościom	nietrunkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowość	nietrunkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowość	nietrunkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrunkowa	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrunkową	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrunkową	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrunkowego	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrunkowego	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrunkowej	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrunkowej	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrunkowej	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrunkowemu	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrunkowe	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrunkowe	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrunkowe	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrunkowe	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrunkowi	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrunkowych	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrunkowych	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrunkowych	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrunkowymi	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrunkowym	nietrunkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrunkowym	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrunkowym	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrunkowy	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrunkowy	nietrunkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrupia	nietrupi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrupią	nietrupi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrupią	nietrupi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrupich	nietrupi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrupich	nietrupi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupich	nietrupi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiego	nietrupi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrupiego	nietrupi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiej	nietrupi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrupiej	nietrupi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrupiej	nietrupi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrupiemu	nietrupi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupie	nietrupi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupie	nietrupi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupie	nietrupi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrupie	nietrupi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrupimi	nietrupi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupim	nietrupi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupim	nietrupi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupim	nietrupi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupi	nietrupi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrupi	nietrupi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrupi	nietrupi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrupiarnianościach	nietrupiarnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianościami	nietrupiarnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianością	nietrupiarnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianości	nietrupiarnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianości	nietrupiarnianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianości	nietrupiarnianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianości	nietrupiarnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianości	nietrupiarnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianościom	nietrupiarnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianość	nietrupiarnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarnianość	nietrupiarnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiarniana	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrupiarnianą	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrupiarnianą	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrupiarnianego	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrupiarnianego	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiarnianej	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrupiarnianej	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrupiarnianej	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrupiarnianemu	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiarniane	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiarniane	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiarniane	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrupiarniane	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrupiarniani	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrupiarnianych	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrupiarnianych	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiarnianych	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiarnianymi	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiarnianym	nietrupiarniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiarnianym	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiarnianym	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiarniany	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrupiarniany	nietrupiarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrupio	nietrupio	adv:pos		
nietrupiobladościach	nietrupiobladość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladościami	nietrupiobladość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladością	nietrupiobladość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladości	nietrupiobladość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladości	nietrupiobladość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladości	nietrupiobladość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladości	nietrupiobladość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladości	nietrupiobladość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladościom	nietrupiobladość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladość	nietrupiobladość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiobladość	nietrupiobladość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupioblada	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrupiobladą	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrupiobladą	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrupiobladego	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrupiobladego	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiobladej	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrupiobladej	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrupiobladej	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrupioblademu	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupioblade	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupioblade	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupioblade	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrupioblade	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrupiobladych	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrupiobladych	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiobladych	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiobladymi	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiobladym	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiobladym	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiobladym	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupioblady	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrupioblady	nietrupioblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrupiobladzi	nietrupioblady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrupiogłowościach	nietrupiogłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowościami	nietrupiogłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowością	nietrupiogłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowości	nietrupiogłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowości	nietrupiogłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowości	nietrupiogłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowości	nietrupiogłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowości	nietrupiogłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowościom	nietrupiogłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowość	nietrupiogłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowość	nietrupiogłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiogłowa	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrupiogłową	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrupiogłową	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrupiogłowego	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrupiogłowego	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowej	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrupiogłowej	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrupiogłowej	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrupiogłowemu	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowe	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowe	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowe	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrupiogłowe	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrupiogłowi	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrupiogłowych	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrupiogłowych	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowych	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowymi	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowym	nietrupiogłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowym	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowym	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupiogłowy	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrupiogłowy	nietrupiogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrupiościach	nietrupiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiościami	nietrupiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiością	nietrupiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiości	nietrupiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiości	nietrupiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiości	nietrupiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiości	nietrupiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiości	nietrupiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiościom	nietrupiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiość	nietrupiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupiość	nietrupiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożernościach	nietrupożerność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożernościami	nietrupożerność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożernością	nietrupożerność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerności	nietrupożerność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerności	nietrupożerność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerności	nietrupożerność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerności	nietrupożerność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerności	nietrupożerność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożernościom	nietrupożerność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerność	nietrupożerność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerność	nietrupożerność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrupożerna	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrupożerną	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrupożerną	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrupożernego	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrupożernego	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupożernej	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrupożernej	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrupożernej	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrupożernemu	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupożerne	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupożerne	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupożerne	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrupożerne	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrupożerni	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrupożernych	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrupożernych	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupożernych	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupożernymi	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupożernym	nietrupożerny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrupożernym	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupożernym	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrupożerny	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrupożerny	nietrupożerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietruskawkowościach	nietruskawkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowościami	nietruskawkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowością	nietruskawkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowości	nietruskawkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowości	nietruskawkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowości	nietruskawkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowości	nietruskawkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowości	nietruskawkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowościom	nietruskawkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowość	nietruskawkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowość	nietruskawkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruskawkowa	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietruskawkową	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietruskawkową	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietruskawkowego	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietruskawkowego	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruskawkowej	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietruskawkowej	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietruskawkowej	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietruskawkowemu	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruskawkowe	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruskawkowe	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruskawkowe	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietruskawkowe	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietruskawkowi	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietruskawkowych	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietruskawkowych	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruskawkowych	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruskawkowymi	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruskawkowym	nietruskawkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruskawkowym	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruskawkowym	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruskawkowy	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietruskawkowy	nietruskawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrustowościach	nietrustowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowościami	nietrustowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowością	nietrustowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowości	nietrustowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowości	nietrustowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowości	nietrustowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowości	nietrustowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowości	nietrustowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowościom	nietrustowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowość	nietrustowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowość	nietrustowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrustowa	nietrustowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrustową	nietrustowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrustową	nietrustowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrustowego	nietrustowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrustowego	nietrustowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrustowej	nietrustowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrustowej	nietrustowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrustowej	nietrustowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrustowemu	nietrustowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrustowe	nietrustowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrustowe	nietrustowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrustowe	nietrustowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrustowe	nietrustowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrustowi	nietrustowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrustowych	nietrustowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrustowych	nietrustowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrustowych	nietrustowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrustowymi	nietrustowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrustowym	nietrustowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrustowym	nietrustowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrustowym	nietrustowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrustowy	nietrustowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrustowy	nietrustowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrutowościach	nietrutowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowościami	nietrutowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowością	nietrutowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowości	nietrutowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowości	nietrutowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowości	nietrutowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowości	nietrutowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowości	nietrutowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowościom	nietrutowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowość	nietrutowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowość	nietrutowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrutowa	nietrutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrutową	nietrutowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrutową	nietrutowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrutowego	nietrutowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrutowego	nietrutowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrutowej	nietrutowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrutowej	nietrutowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrutowej	nietrutowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrutowemu	nietrutowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrutowe	nietrutowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrutowe	nietrutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrutowe	nietrutowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrutowe	nietrutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrutowi	nietrutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrutowych	nietrutowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrutowych	nietrutowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrutowych	nietrutowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrutowymi	nietrutowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrutowym	nietrutowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrutowym	nietrutowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrutowym	nietrutowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrutowy	nietrutowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrutowy	nietrutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietruwerscy	nietruwerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietruwerska	nietruwerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietruwerską	nietruwerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietruwerską	nietruwerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietruwerskich	nietruwerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietruwerskich	nietruwerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruwerskich	nietruwerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruwerskiego	nietruwerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietruwerskiego	nietruwerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruwerskiej	nietruwerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietruwerskiej	nietruwerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietruwerskiej	nietruwerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietruwerskiemu	nietruwerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruwerskie	nietruwerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruwerskie	nietruwerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruwerskie	nietruwerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietruwerskie	nietruwerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietruwerskimi	nietruwerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruwerskim	nietruwerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietruwerskim	nietruwerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruwerskim	nietruwerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietruwerski	nietruwerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietruwerski	nietruwerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietruwersko	nietruwersko	adv:pos		
nietruwerskościach	nietruwerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskościami	nietruwerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskością	nietruwerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskości	nietruwerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskości	nietruwerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskości	nietruwerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskości	nietruwerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskości	nietruwerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskościom	nietruwerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskość	nietruwerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietruwerskość	nietruwerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwale	nietrwale	adv:pos		
nietrwało	nietrwało	adv:pos		
nietrwałościach	nietrwałość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałościami	nietrwałość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałością	nietrwałość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałości	nietrwałość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałości	nietrwałość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałości	nietrwałość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałości	nietrwałość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałości	nietrwałość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałościom	nietrwałość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałość	nietrwałość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwałość	nietrwałość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwali	nietrwały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrwała	nietrwały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrwałą	nietrwały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrwałą	nietrwały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrwałego	nietrwały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrwałego	nietrwały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwałej	nietrwały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrwałej	nietrwały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrwałej	nietrwały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrwałemu	nietrwały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwałe	nietrwały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwałe	nietrwały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwałe	nietrwały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrwałe	nietrwały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrwałych	nietrwały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrwałych	nietrwały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwałych	nietrwały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwałymi	nietrwały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwałym	nietrwały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwałym	nietrwały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwałym	nietrwały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwały	nietrwały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrwały	nietrwały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrwożliwie	nietrwożliwie	adv:pos		
nietrwożliwościach	nietrwożliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwościami	nietrwożliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwością	nietrwożliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwości	nietrwożliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwości	nietrwożliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwości	nietrwożliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwości	nietrwożliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwości	nietrwożliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwościom	nietrwożliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwość	nietrwożliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwość	nietrwożliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożliwa	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrwożliwą	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrwożliwą	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrwożliwego	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrwożliwego	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożliwej	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrwożliwej	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrwożliwej	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrwożliwemu	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożliwe	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożliwe	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożliwe	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrwożliwe	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrwożliwi	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrwożliwych	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrwożliwych	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożliwych	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożliwymi	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożliwym	nietrwożliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożliwym	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożliwym	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożliwy	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrwożliwy	nietrwożliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrwożnie	nietrwożnie	adv:pos		
nietrwożnościach	nietrwożność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożnościami	nietrwożność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożnością	nietrwożność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożności	nietrwożność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożności	nietrwożność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożności	nietrwożność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożności	nietrwożność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożności	nietrwożność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożnościom	nietrwożność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożność	nietrwożność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożność	nietrwożność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrwożna	nietrwożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrwożną	nietrwożny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrwożną	nietrwożny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrwożnego	nietrwożny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrwożnego	nietrwożny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożnej	nietrwożny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrwożnej	nietrwożny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrwożnej	nietrwożny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrwożnemu	nietrwożny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożne	nietrwożny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożne	nietrwożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożne	nietrwożny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrwożne	nietrwożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrwożni	nietrwożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrwożnych	nietrwożny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrwożnych	nietrwożny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożnych	nietrwożny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożnymi	nietrwożny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożnym	nietrwożny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrwożnym	nietrwożny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożnym	nietrwożny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrwożny	nietrwożny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrwożny	nietrwożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrybikowościach	nietrybikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowościami	nietrybikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowością	nietrybikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowości	nietrybikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowości	nietrybikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowości	nietrybikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowości	nietrybikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowości	nietrybikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowościom	nietrybikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowość	nietrybikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowość	nietrybikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybikowa	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrybikową	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrybikową	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrybikowego	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrybikowego	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybikowej	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrybikowej	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrybikowej	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrybikowemu	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybikowe	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybikowe	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybikowe	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrybikowe	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrybikowi	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrybikowych	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrybikowych	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybikowych	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybikowymi	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybikowym	nietrybikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybikowym	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybikowym	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybikowy	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrybikowy	nietrybikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrybowościach	nietrybowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowościami	nietrybowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowością	nietrybowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowości	nietrybowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowości	nietrybowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowości	nietrybowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowości	nietrybowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowości	nietrybowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowościom	nietrybowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowość	nietrybowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowość	nietrybowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybowa	nietrybowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrybową	nietrybowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrybową	nietrybowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrybowego	nietrybowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrybowego	nietrybowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybowej	nietrybowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrybowej	nietrybowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrybowej	nietrybowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrybowemu	nietrybowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybowe	nietrybowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybowe	nietrybowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybowe	nietrybowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrybowe	nietrybowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrybowi	nietrybowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrybowych	nietrybowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrybowych	nietrybowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybowych	nietrybowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybowymi	nietrybowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybowym	nietrybowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybowym	nietrybowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybowym	nietrybowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybowy	nietrybowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrybowy	nietrybowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrybunalscy	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrybunalska	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrybunalską	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrybunalską	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrybunalskich	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrybunalskich	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybunalskich	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybunalskiego	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrybunalskiego	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybunalskiej	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrybunalskiej	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrybunalskiej	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrybunalskiemu	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybunalskie	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybunalskie	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybunalskie	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrybunalskie	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrybunalskimi	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybunalskim	nietrybunalski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybunalskim	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybunalskim	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybunalski	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrybunalski	nietrybunalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrybunalsko	nietrybunalsko	adv:pos		
nietrybunalskościach	nietrybunalskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskościami	nietrybunalskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskością	nietrybunalskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskości	nietrybunalskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskości	nietrybunalskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskości	nietrybunalskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskości	nietrybunalskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskości	nietrybunalskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskościom	nietrybunalskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskość	nietrybunalskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybunalskość	nietrybunalskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarnościach	nietrybutarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarnościami	nietrybutarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarnością	nietrybutarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarności	nietrybutarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarności	nietrybutarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarności	nietrybutarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarności	nietrybutarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarności	nietrybutarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarnościom	nietrybutarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarność	nietrybutarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarność	nietrybutarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrybutarna	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrybutarną	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrybutarną	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrybutarnego	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrybutarnego	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybutarnej	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrybutarnej	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrybutarnej	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrybutarnemu	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybutarne	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybutarne	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybutarne	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrybutarne	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrybutarni	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrybutarnych	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrybutarnych	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybutarnych	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybutarnymi	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybutarnym	nietrybutarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrybutarnym	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybutarnym	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrybutarny	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrybutarny	nietrybutarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrychotomicznościach	nietrychotomiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomicznościami	nietrychotomiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomicznością	nietrychotomiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczności	nietrychotomiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczności	nietrychotomiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczności	nietrychotomiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczności	nietrychotomiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczności	nietrychotomiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomicznościom	nietrychotomiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczność	nietrychotomiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczność	nietrychotomiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrychotomiczna	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrychotomiczną	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrychotomiczną	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrychotomicznego	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrychotomicznego	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrychotomicznej	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrychotomicznej	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrychotomicznej	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrychotomicznemu	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrychotomiczne	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrychotomiczne	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrychotomiczne	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrychotomiczne	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrychotomiczni	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrychotomicznych	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrychotomicznych	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrychotomicznych	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrychotomicznymi	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrychotomicznym	nietrychotomiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrychotomicznym	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrychotomicznym	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrychotomiczny	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrychotomiczny	nietrychotomiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrydenccy	nietrydencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrydencka	nietrydencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrydencką	nietrydencki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrydencką	nietrydencki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrydenckich	nietrydencki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrydenckich	nietrydencki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrydenckich	nietrydencki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrydenckiego	nietrydencki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrydenckiego	nietrydencki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrydenckiej	nietrydencki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrydenckiej	nietrydencki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrydenckiej	nietrydencki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrydenckiemu	nietrydencki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrydenckie	nietrydencki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrydenckie	nietrydencki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrydenckie	nietrydencki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrydenckie	nietrydencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrydenckimi	nietrydencki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrydenckim	nietrydencki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrydenckim	nietrydencki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrydenckim	nietrydencki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrydencki	nietrydencki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrydencki	nietrydencki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrydencko	nietrydencko	adv:pos		
nietrydenckościach	nietrydenckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckościami	nietrydenckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckością	nietrydenckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckości	nietrydenckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckości	nietrydenckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckości	nietrydenckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckości	nietrydenckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckości	nietrydenckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckościom	nietrydenckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckość	nietrydenckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrydenckość	nietrydenckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalnościach	nietrygonalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalnościami	nietrygonalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalnością	nietrygonalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalności	nietrygonalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalności	nietrygonalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalności	nietrygonalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalności	nietrygonalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalności	nietrygonalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalnościom	nietrygonalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalność	nietrygonalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalność	nietrygonalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonalna	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrygonalną	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrygonalną	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrygonalnego	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrygonalnego	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonalnej	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrygonalnej	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrygonalnej	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrygonalnemu	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonalne	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonalne	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonalne	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrygonalne	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrygonalni	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrygonalnych	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrygonalnych	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonalnych	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonalnymi	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonalnym	nietrygonalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonalnym	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonalnym	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonalny	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrygonalny	nietrygonalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrygonometrycznościach	nietrygonometryczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometrycznościami	nietrygonometryczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometrycznością	nietrygonometryczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczności	nietrygonometryczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczności	nietrygonometryczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczności	nietrygonometryczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczności	nietrygonometryczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczności	nietrygonometryczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometrycznościom	nietrygonometryczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczność	nietrygonometryczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczność	nietrygonometryczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrygonometryczna	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrygonometryczną	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrygonometryczną	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrygonometrycznego	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrygonometrycznego	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonometrycznej	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrygonometrycznej	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrygonometrycznej	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrygonometrycznemu	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonometryczne	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonometryczne	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonometryczne	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrygonometryczne	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrygonometryczni	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrygonometrycznych	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrygonometrycznych	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonometrycznych	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonometrycznymi	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonometrycznym	nietrygonometryczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrygonometrycznym	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonometrycznym	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrygonometryczny	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrygonometryczny	nietrygonometryczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrykotarscy	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrykotarska	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrykotarską	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrykotarską	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrykotarskich	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrykotarskich	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotarskich	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotarskiego	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrykotarskiego	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotarskiej	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrykotarskiej	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrykotarskiej	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrykotarskiemu	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotarskie	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotarskie	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotarskie	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrykotarskie	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrykotarskimi	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotarskim	nietrykotarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotarskim	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotarskim	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotarski	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrykotarski	nietrykotarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrykotarsko	nietrykotarsko	adv:pos		
nietrykotarskościach	nietrykotarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskościami	nietrykotarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskością	nietrykotarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskości	nietrykotarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskości	nietrykotarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskości	nietrykotarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskości	nietrykotarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskości	nietrykotarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskościom	nietrykotarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskość	nietrykotarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotarskość	nietrykotarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowościach	nietrykotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowościami	nietrykotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowością	nietrykotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowości	nietrykotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowości	nietrykotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowości	nietrykotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowości	nietrykotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowości	nietrykotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowościom	nietrykotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowość	nietrykotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowość	nietrykotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrykotowa	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrykotową	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrykotową	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrykotowego	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrykotowego	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotowej	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrykotowej	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrykotowej	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrykotowemu	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotowe	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotowe	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotowe	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrykotowe	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrykotowi	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrykotowych	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrykotowych	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotowych	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotowymi	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotowym	nietrykotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrykotowym	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotowym	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrykotowy	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrykotowy	nietrykotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrylowościach	nietrylowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowościami	nietrylowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowością	nietrylowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowości	nietrylowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowości	nietrylowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowości	nietrylowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowości	nietrylowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowości	nietrylowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowościom	nietrylowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowość	nietrylowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowość	nietrylowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrylowa	nietrylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrylową	nietrylowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrylową	nietrylowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrylowego	nietrylowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrylowego	nietrylowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrylowej	nietrylowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrylowej	nietrylowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrylowej	nietrylowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrylowemu	nietrylowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrylowe	nietrylowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrylowe	nietrylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrylowe	nietrylowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrylowe	nietrylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrylowi	nietrylowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrylowych	nietrylowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrylowych	nietrylowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrylowych	nietrylowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrylowymi	nietrylowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrylowym	nietrylowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrylowym	nietrylowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrylowym	nietrylowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrylowy	nietrylowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrylowy	nietrylowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrymestralnościach	nietrymestralność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralnościami	nietrymestralność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralnością	nietrymestralność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralności	nietrymestralność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralności	nietrymestralność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralności	nietrymestralność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralności	nietrymestralność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralności	nietrymestralność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralnościom	nietrymestralność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralność	nietrymestralność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralność	nietrymestralność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymestralna	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrymestralną	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrymestralną	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrymestralnego	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrymestralnego	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymestralnej	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrymestralnej	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrymestralnej	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrymestralnemu	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymestralne	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymestralne	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymestralne	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrymestralne	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrymestralni	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrymestralnych	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrymestralnych	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymestralnych	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymestralnymi	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymestralnym	nietrymestralny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymestralnym	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymestralnym	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymestralny	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrymestralny	nietrymestralny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrymowościach	nietrymowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowościami	nietrymowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowością	nietrymowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowości	nietrymowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowości	nietrymowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowości	nietrymowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowości	nietrymowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowości	nietrymowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowościom	nietrymowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowość	nietrymowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowość	nietrymowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrymowa	nietrymowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrymową	nietrymowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrymową	nietrymowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrymowego	nietrymowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrymowego	nietrymowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymowej	nietrymowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrymowej	nietrymowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrymowej	nietrymowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrymowemu	nietrymowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymowe	nietrymowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymowe	nietrymowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymowe	nietrymowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrymowe	nietrymowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrymowi	nietrymowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrymowych	nietrymowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrymowych	nietrymowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymowych	nietrymowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymowymi	nietrymowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymowym	nietrymowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrymowym	nietrymowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymowym	nietrymowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrymowy	nietrymowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrymowy	nietrymowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrynidadzcy	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrynidadzka	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrynidadzką	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrynidadzką	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrynidadzkich	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrynidadzkich	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkich	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkiego	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrynidadzkiego	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkiej	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrynidadzkiej	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrynidadzkiej	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrynidadzkiemu	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkie	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkie	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkie	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrynidadzkie	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrynidadzkimi	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkim	nietrynidadzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkim	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynidadzkim	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynidadzki	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrynidadzki	nietrynidadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrynidadzko	nietrynidadzko	adv:pos		
nietrynidadzkościach	nietrynidadzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkościami	nietrynidadzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkością	nietrynidadzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkości	nietrynidadzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkości	nietrynidadzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkości	nietrynidadzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkości	nietrynidadzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkości	nietrynidadzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkościom	nietrynidadzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkość	nietrynidadzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynidadzkość	nietrynidadzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańscy	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrynitariańska	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrynitariańską	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrynitariańską	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrynitariańskich	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrynitariańskich	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskich	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskiego	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrynitariańskiego	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskiej	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrynitariańskiej	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrynitariańskiej	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrynitariańskiemu	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskie	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskie	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskie	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrynitariańskie	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrynitariańskimi	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskim	nietrynitariański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskim	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitariańskim	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitariański	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrynitariański	nietrynitariański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrynitariańsko	nietrynitariańsko	adv:pos		
nietrynitariańskościach	nietrynitariańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskościami	nietrynitariańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskością	nietrynitariańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskości	nietrynitariańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskości	nietrynitariańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskości	nietrynitariańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskości	nietrynitariańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskości	nietrynitariańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskościom	nietrynitariańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskość	nietrynitariańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitariańskość	nietrynitariańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarnościach	nietrynitarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarnościami	nietrynitarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarnością	nietrynitarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarności	nietrynitarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarności	nietrynitarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarności	nietrynitarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarności	nietrynitarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarności	nietrynitarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarnościom	nietrynitarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarność	nietrynitarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarność	nietrynitarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarna	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrynitarną	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrynitarną	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrynitarnego	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrynitarnego	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarnej	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrynitarnej	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrynitarnej	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrynitarnemu	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarne	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarne	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarne	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrynitarne	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrynitarni	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrynitarnych	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrynitarnych	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarnych	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarnymi	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarnym	nietrynitarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarnym	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarnym	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarny	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrynitarny	nietrynitarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrynitarscy	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrynitarska	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrynitarską	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrynitarską	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrynitarskich	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrynitarskich	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarskich	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarskiego	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrynitarskiego	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarskiej	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrynitarskiej	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrynitarskiej	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrynitarskiemu	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarskie	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarskie	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarskie	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrynitarskie	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrynitarskimi	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarskim	nietrynitarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynitarskim	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarskim	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynitarski	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrynitarski	nietrynitarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrynitarsko	nietrynitarsko	adv:pos		
nietrynitarskościach	nietrynitarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskościami	nietrynitarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskością	nietrynitarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskości	nietrynitarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskości	nietrynitarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskości	nietrynitarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskości	nietrynitarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskości	nietrynitarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskościom	nietrynitarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskość	nietrynitarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynitarskość	nietrynitarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętościach	nietrynkniętość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętościami	nietrynkniętość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętością	nietrynkniętość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętości	nietrynkniętość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętości	nietrynkniętość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętości	nietrynkniętość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętości	nietrynkniętość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętości	nietrynkniętość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętościom	nietrynkniętość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętość	nietrynkniętość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynkniętość	nietrynkniętość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrynknięci	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrynknięta	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrynkniętą	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrynkniętą	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrynkniętego	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrynkniętego	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynkniętej	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrynkniętej	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrynkniętej	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrynkniętemu	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynknięte	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynknięte	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynknięte	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrynknięte	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrynkniętych	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrynkniętych	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynkniętych	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynkniętymi	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynkniętym	nietrynknięty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrynkniętym	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynkniętym	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrynknięty	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrynknięty	nietrynknięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrypolitańscy	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrypolitańska	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrypolitańską	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrypolitańską	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrypolitańskich	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrypolitańskich	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskich	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskiego	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrypolitańskiego	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskiej	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrypolitańskiej	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrypolitańskiej	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrypolitańskiemu	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskie	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskie	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskie	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrypolitańskie	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrypolitańskimi	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskim	nietrypolitański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskim	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrypolitańskim	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrypolitański	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrypolitański	nietrypolitański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrypolitańsko	nietrypolitańsko	adv:pos		
nietrypolitańskościach	nietrypolitańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskościami	nietrypolitańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskością	nietrypolitańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskości	nietrypolitańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskości	nietrypolitańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskości	nietrypolitańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskości	nietrypolitańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskości	nietrypolitańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskościom	nietrypolitańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskość	nietrypolitańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrypolitańskość	nietrypolitańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowościach	nietryptykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowościami	nietryptykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowością	nietryptykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowości	nietryptykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowości	nietryptykowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowości	nietryptykowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowości	nietryptykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowości	nietryptykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowościom	nietryptykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowość	nietryptykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowość	nietryptykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryptykowa	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietryptykową	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietryptykową	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietryptykowego	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietryptykowego	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryptykowej	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietryptykowej	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietryptykowej	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietryptykowemu	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryptykowe	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryptykowe	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryptykowe	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietryptykowe	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietryptykowi	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietryptykowych	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietryptykowych	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryptykowych	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryptykowymi	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryptykowym	nietryptykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryptykowym	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryptykowym	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryptykowy	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietryptykowy	nietryptykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietryskaczowościach	nietryskaczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowościami	nietryskaczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowością	nietryskaczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowości	nietryskaczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowości	nietryskaczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowości	nietryskaczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowości	nietryskaczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowości	nietryskaczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowościom	nietryskaczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowość	nietryskaczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowość	nietryskaczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryskaczowa	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietryskaczową	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietryskaczową	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietryskaczowego	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietryskaczowego	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryskaczowej	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietryskaczowej	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietryskaczowej	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietryskaczowemu	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryskaczowe	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryskaczowe	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryskaczowe	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietryskaczowe	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietryskaczowi	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietryskaczowych	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietryskaczowych	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryskaczowych	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryskaczowymi	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryskaczowym	nietryskaczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryskaczowym	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryskaczowym	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryskaczowy	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietryskaczowy	nietryskaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietryumfalnie	nietryumfalnie	adv:pos		
nietryumfalnościach	nietryumfalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalnościami	nietryumfalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalnością	nietryumfalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalności	nietryumfalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalności	nietryumfalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalności	nietryumfalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalności	nietryumfalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalności	nietryumfalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalnościom	nietryumfalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalność	nietryumfalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalność	nietryumfalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfalna	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietryumfalną	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietryumfalną	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietryumfalnego	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietryumfalnego	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfalnej	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietryumfalnej	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietryumfalnej	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietryumfalnemu	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfalne	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfalne	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfalne	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietryumfalne	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietryumfalni	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietryumfalnych	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietryumfalnych	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfalnych	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfalnymi	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfalnym	nietryumfalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfalnym	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfalnym	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfalny	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietryumfalny	nietryumfalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietryumfatorscy	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietryumfatorska	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietryumfatorską	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietryumfatorską	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietryumfatorskich	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietryumfatorskich	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskich	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskiego	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietryumfatorskiego	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskiej	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietryumfatorskiej	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietryumfatorskiej	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietryumfatorskiemu	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskie	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskie	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskie	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietryumfatorskie	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietryumfatorskimi	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskim	nietryumfatorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskim	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfatorskim	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfatorski	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietryumfatorski	nietryumfatorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietryumfatorsko	nietryumfatorsko	adv:pos		
nietryumfatorskościach	nietryumfatorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskościami	nietryumfatorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskością	nietryumfatorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskości	nietryumfatorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskości	nietryumfatorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskości	nietryumfatorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskości	nietryumfatorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskości	nietryumfatorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskościom	nietryumfatorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskość	nietryumfatorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfatorskość	nietryumfatorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietryumfująco	nietryumfująco	adv:pos		
nietryumfująca	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietryumfującą	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietryumfującą	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietryumfującego	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietryumfującego	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfującej	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietryumfującej	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietryumfującej	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietryumfującemu	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfujące	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfujące	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfujące	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietryumfujące	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietryumfujących	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietryumfujących	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfujących	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfującymi	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfującym	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietryumfującym	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfującym	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietryumfujący	nietryumfujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietryumfujący	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietryumfujący	nietryumfujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrywialnie	nietrywialnie	adv:pos		
nietrywialnościach	nietrywialność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialnościami	nietrywialność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialnością	nietrywialność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialności	nietrywialność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialności	nietrywialność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialności	nietrywialność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialności	nietrywialność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialności	nietrywialność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialnościom	nietrywialność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialność	nietrywialność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialność	nietrywialność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrywialna	nietrywialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrywialną	nietrywialny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrywialną	nietrywialny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrywialnego	nietrywialny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrywialnego	nietrywialny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrywialnej	nietrywialny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrywialnej	nietrywialny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrywialnej	nietrywialny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrywialnemu	nietrywialny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrywialne	nietrywialny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrywialne	nietrywialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrywialne	nietrywialny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrywialne	nietrywialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrywialni	nietrywialny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrywialnych	nietrywialny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrywialnych	nietrywialny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrywialnych	nietrywialny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrywialnymi	nietrywialny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrywialnym	nietrywialny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrywialnym	nietrywialny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrywialnym	nietrywialny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrywialny	nietrywialny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrywialny	nietrywialny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrząscy	nietrząski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrząska	nietrząski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrząską	nietrząski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrząską	nietrząski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrząskich	nietrząski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrząskich	nietrząski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrząskich	nietrząski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrząskiego	nietrząski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrząskiego	nietrząski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrząskiej	nietrząski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrząskiej	nietrząski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrząskiej	nietrząski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrząskiemu	nietrząski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrząskie	nietrząski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrząskie	nietrząski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrząskie	nietrząski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrząskie	nietrząski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrząskimi	nietrząski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrząskim	nietrząski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrząskim	nietrząski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrząskim	nietrząski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrząski	nietrząski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrząski	nietrząski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrząsko	nietrząsko	adv:pos		
nietrząskościach	nietrząskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskościami	nietrząskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskością	nietrząskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskości	nietrząskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskości	nietrząskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskości	nietrząskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskości	nietrząskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskości	nietrząskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskościom	nietrząskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskość	nietrząskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrząskość	nietrząskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeccy	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcianecka	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcianecką	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcianecką	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcianeckich	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcianeckich	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckich	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckiego	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcianeckiego	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckiej	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcianeckiej	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcianeckiej	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcianeckiemu	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckie	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckie	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckie	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcianeckie	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcianeckimi	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckim	nietrzcianecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckim	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianeckim	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianecki	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzcianecki	nietrzcianecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcianecko	nietrzcianecko	adv:pos		
nietrzcianeckościach	nietrzcianeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckościami	nietrzcianeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckością	nietrzcianeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckości	nietrzcianeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckości	nietrzcianeckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckości	nietrzcianeckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckości	nietrzcianeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckości	nietrzcianeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckościom	nietrzcianeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckość	nietrzcianeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianeckość	nietrzcianeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńscy	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcianieńska	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcianieńską	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcianieńską	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcianieńskich	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcianieńskich	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskich	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskiego	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcianieńskiego	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskiej	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcianieńskiej	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcianieńskiej	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcianieńskiemu	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskie	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskie	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskie	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskie	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskimi	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskim	nietrzcianieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskim	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianieńskim	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcianieński	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzcianieński	nietrzcianieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcianieńsko	nietrzcianieńsko	adv:pos		
nietrzcianieńskościach	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskościami	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskością	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskości	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskości	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskości	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskości	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskości	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskościom	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskość	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcianieńskość	nietrzcianieńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielscy	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcielska	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcielską	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcielską	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcielskich	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcielskich	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcielskich	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcielskiego	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcielskiego	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcielskiej	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcielskiej	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcielskiej	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcielskiemu	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcielskie	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcielskie	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcielskie	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcielskie	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcielskimi	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcielskim	nietrzcielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcielskim	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcielskim	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcielski	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzcielski	nietrzcielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcielsko	nietrzcielsko	adv:pos		
nietrzcielskościach	nietrzcielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskościami	nietrzcielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskością	nietrzcielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskości	nietrzcielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskości	nietrzcielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskości	nietrzcielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskości	nietrzcielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskości	nietrzcielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskościom	nietrzcielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskość	nietrzcielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcielskość	nietrzcielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianościach	nietrzcinianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianościami	nietrzcinianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianością	nietrzcinianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianości	nietrzcinianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianości	nietrzcinianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianości	nietrzcinianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianości	nietrzcinianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianości	nietrzcinianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianościom	nietrzcinianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianość	nietrzcinianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinianość	nietrzcinianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniana	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcinianą	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcinianą	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcinianego	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcinianego	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinianej	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcinianej	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcinianej	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcinianemu	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniane	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniane	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniane	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzciniane	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzciniani	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinianych	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinianych	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinianych	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinianymi	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinianym	nietrzciniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinianym	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinianym	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniany	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzciniany	nietrzciniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzciniarscy	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzciniarska	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzciniarską	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzciniarską	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzciniarskich	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzciniarskich	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskich	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskiego	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzciniarskiego	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskiej	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzciniarskiej	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzciniarskiej	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzciniarskiemu	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskie	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskie	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskie	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzciniarskie	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzciniarskimi	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskim	nietrzciniarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskim	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniarskim	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniarski	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzciniarski	nietrzciniarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzciniarsko	nietrzciniarsko	adv:pos		
nietrzciniarskościach	nietrzciniarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskościami	nietrzciniarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskością	nietrzciniarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskości	nietrzciniarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskości	nietrzciniarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskości	nietrzciniarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskości	nietrzciniarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskości	nietrzciniarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskościom	nietrzciniarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskość	nietrzciniarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniarskość	nietrzciniarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastościach	nietrzciniastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastościami	nietrzciniastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastością	nietrzciniastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastości	nietrzciniastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastości	nietrzciniastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastości	nietrzciniastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastości	nietrzciniastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastości	nietrzciniastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastościom	nietrzciniastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastość	nietrzciniastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniastość	nietrzciniastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzciniasta	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzciniastą	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzciniastą	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzciniastego	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzciniastego	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniastej	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzciniastej	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzciniastej	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzciniastemu	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniaste	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniaste	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniaste	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzciniaste	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzciniastych	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzciniastych	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniastych	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniastymi	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniastym	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzciniastym	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniastym	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciniasty	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzciniasty	nietrzciniasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzciniaści	nietrzciniasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzciniccy	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinicka	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcinicką	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcinicką	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcinickich	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinickich	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinickich	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinickiego	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcinickiego	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinickiej	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcinickiej	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcinickiej	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcinickiemu	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinickie	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinickie	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinickie	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcinickie	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcinickimi	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinickim	nietrzcinicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinickim	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinickim	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinicki	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzcinicki	nietrzcinicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcinicko	nietrzcinicko	adv:pos		
nietrzcinickościach	nietrzcinickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickościami	nietrzcinickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickością	nietrzcinickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickości	nietrzcinickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickości	nietrzcinickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickości	nietrzcinickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickości	nietrzcinickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickości	nietrzcinickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickościom	nietrzcinickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickość	nietrzcinickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinickość	nietrzcinickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinnościach	nietrzcinność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinnościami	nietrzcinność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinnością	nietrzcinność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinności	nietrzcinność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinności	nietrzcinność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinności	nietrzcinność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinności	nietrzcinność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinności	nietrzcinność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinnościom	nietrzcinność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinność	nietrzcinność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinność	nietrzcinność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinna	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcinną	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcinną	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcinnego	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcinnego	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinnej	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcinnej	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcinnej	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcinnemu	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinne	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinne	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinne	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcinne	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcinni	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinnych	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinnych	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinnych	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinnymi	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinnym	nietrzcinny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinnym	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinnym	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinny	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzcinny	nietrzcinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcinowatościach	nietrzcinowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatościami	nietrzcinowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatością	nietrzcinowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatości	nietrzcinowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatości	nietrzcinowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatości	nietrzcinowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatości	nietrzcinowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatości	nietrzcinowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatościom	nietrzcinowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatość	nietrzcinowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowatość	nietrzcinowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowaci	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinowata	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcinowatą	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcinowatą	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcinowatego	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcinowatego	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowatej	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcinowatej	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcinowatej	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcinowatemu	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowate	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowate	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowate	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcinowate	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcinowatych	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinowatych	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowatych	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowatymi	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowatym	nietrzcinowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowatym	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowatym	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowaty	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzcinowaty	nietrzcinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcinowościach	nietrzcinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowościami	nietrzcinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowością	nietrzcinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowości	nietrzcinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowości	nietrzcinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowości	nietrzcinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowości	nietrzcinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowości	nietrzcinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowościom	nietrzcinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowość	nietrzcinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowość	nietrzcinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcinowa	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcinową	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcinową	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcinowego	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcinowego	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowej	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcinowej	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcinowej	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcinowemu	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowe	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowe	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowe	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcinowe	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcinowi	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinowych	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcinowych	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowych	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowymi	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowym	nietrzcinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcinowym	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowym	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcinowy	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzcinowy	nietrzcinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcińscy	nietrzciński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzcińska	nietrzciński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzcińską	nietrzciński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzcińską	nietrzciński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzcińskich	nietrzciński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzcińskich	nietrzciński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcińskich	nietrzciński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcińskiego	nietrzciński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzcińskiego	nietrzciński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcińskiej	nietrzciński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzcińskiej	nietrzciński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzcińskiej	nietrzciński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzcińskiemu	nietrzciński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcińskie	nietrzciński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcińskie	nietrzciński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcińskie	nietrzciński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzcińskie	nietrzciński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzcińskimi	nietrzciński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcińskim	nietrzciński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzcińskim	nietrzciński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzcińskim	nietrzciński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzciński	nietrzciński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzciński	nietrzciński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzcińsko	nietrzcińsko	adv:pos		
nietrzcińskościach	nietrzcińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskościami	nietrzcińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskością	nietrzcińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskości	nietrzcińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskości	nietrzcińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskości	nietrzcińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskości	nietrzcińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskości	nietrzcińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskościom	nietrzcińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskość	nietrzcińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzcińskość	nietrzcińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowscy	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebiatowska	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebiatowską	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebiatowską	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebiatowskich	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebiatowskich	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskich	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskiego	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebiatowskiego	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskiej	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebiatowskiej	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebiatowskiej	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebiatowskiemu	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskie	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskie	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskie	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskie	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskimi	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskim	nietrzebiatowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskim	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowskim	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiatowski	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebiatowski	nietrzebiatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebiatowsko	nietrzebiatowsko	adv:pos		
nietrzebiatowskościach	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskościami	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskością	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskości	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskości	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskości	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskości	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskości	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskościom	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskość	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiatowskość	nietrzebiatowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowscy	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebiechowska	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebiechowską	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebiechowską	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebiechowskich	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebiechowskich	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskich	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskiego	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebiechowskiego	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskiej	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebiechowskiej	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebiechowskiej	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebiechowskiemu	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskie	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskie	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskie	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskie	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskimi	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskim	nietrzebiechowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskim	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowskim	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiechowski	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebiechowski	nietrzebiechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebiechowsko	nietrzebiechowsko	adv:pos		
nietrzebiechowskościach	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskościami	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskością	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskości	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskości	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskości	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskości	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskości	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskościom	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskość	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiechowskość	nietrzebiechowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińscy	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebielińska	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebielińską	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebielińską	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebielińskich	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebielińskich	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskich	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskiego	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebielińskiego	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskiej	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebielińskiej	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebielińskiej	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebielińskiemu	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskie	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskie	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskie	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebielińskie	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebielińskimi	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskim	nietrzebieliński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskim	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebielińskim	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieliński	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebieliński	nietrzebieliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebielińsko	nietrzebielińsko	adv:pos		
nietrzebielińskościach	nietrzebielińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskościami	nietrzebielińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskością	nietrzebielińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskości	nietrzebielińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskości	nietrzebielińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskości	nietrzebielińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskości	nietrzebielińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskości	nietrzebielińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskościom	nietrzebielińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskość	nietrzebielińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielińskość	nietrzebielińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielscy	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebielska	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebielską	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebielską	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebielskich	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebielskich	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielskich	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielskiego	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebielskiego	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebielskiej	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebielskiej	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebielskiej	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebielskiemu	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebielskie	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielskie	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielskie	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebielskie	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebielskimi	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielskim	nietrzebielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebielskim	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebielskim	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebielski	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebielski	nietrzebielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebielsko	nietrzebielsko	adv:pos		
nietrzebielskościach	nietrzebielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskościami	nietrzebielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskością	nietrzebielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskości	nietrzebielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskości	nietrzebielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskości	nietrzebielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskości	nietrzebielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskości	nietrzebielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskościom	nietrzebielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskość	nietrzebielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebielskość	nietrzebielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebiescy	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebieska	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebieską	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebieską	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebieskich	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebieskich	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieskich	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieskiego	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebieskiego	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieskiej	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebieskiej	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebieskiej	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebieskiemu	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieskie	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieskie	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieskie	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebieskie	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebieskimi	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieskim	nietrzebieski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieskim	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieskim	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieski	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebieski	nietrzebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebiesko	nietrzebiesko	adv:pos		
nietrzebieskościach	nietrzebieskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskościami	nietrzebieskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskością	nietrzebieskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskości	nietrzebieskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskości	nietrzebieskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskości	nietrzebieskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskości	nietrzebieskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskości	nietrzebieskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskościom	nietrzebieskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskość	nietrzebieskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieskość	nietrzebieskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowscy	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebieszowska	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebieszowską	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebieszowską	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebieszowskich	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebieszowskich	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskich	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskiego	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebieszowskiego	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskiej	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebieszowskiej	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebieszowskiej	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebieszowskiemu	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskie	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskie	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskie	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskie	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskimi	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskim	nietrzebieszowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskim	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowskim	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebieszowski	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebieszowski	nietrzebieszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebieszowsko	nietrzebieszowsko	adv:pos		
nietrzebieszowskościach	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskościami	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskością	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskości	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskości	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskości	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskości	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskości	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskościom	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskość	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebieszowskość	nietrzebieszowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińscy	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebińska	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebińską	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebińską	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebińskich	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebińskich	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebińskich	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebińskiego	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebińskiego	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebińskiej	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebińskiej	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebińskiej	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebińskiemu	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebińskie	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebińskie	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebińskie	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebińskie	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebińskimi	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebińskim	nietrzebiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebińskim	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebińskim	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebiński	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebiński	nietrzebiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebińsko	nietrzebińsko	adv:pos		
nietrzebińskościach	nietrzebińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskościami	nietrzebińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskością	nietrzebińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskości	nietrzebińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskości	nietrzebińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskości	nietrzebińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskości	nietrzebińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskości	nietrzebińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskościom	nietrzebińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskość	nietrzebińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebińskość	nietrzebińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebniccy	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebnicka	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebnicką	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebnicką	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebnickich	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebnickich	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebnickich	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebnickiego	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebnickiego	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebnickiej	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebnickiej	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebnickiej	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebnickiemu	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebnickie	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebnickie	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebnickie	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebnickie	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebnickimi	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebnickim	nietrzebnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebnickim	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebnickim	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebnicki	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebnicki	nietrzebnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebnicko	nietrzebnicko	adv:pos		
nietrzebnickościach	nietrzebnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickościami	nietrzebnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickością	nietrzebnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickości	nietrzebnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickości	nietrzebnickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickości	nietrzebnickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickości	nietrzebnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickości	nietrzebnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickościom	nietrzebnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickość	nietrzebnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebnickość	nietrzebnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniscy	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzebowniska	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzebowniską	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzebowniską	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzebowniskich	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzebowniskich	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskich	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskiego	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzebowniskiego	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskiej	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzebowniskiej	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzebowniskiej	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzebowniskiemu	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskie	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskie	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskie	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzebowniskie	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzebowniskimi	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskim	nietrzebowniski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskim	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebowniskim	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzebowniski	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzebowniski	nietrzebowniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzebownisko	nietrzebownisko	adv:pos		
nietrzebowniskościach	nietrzebowniskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskościami	nietrzebowniskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskością	nietrzebowniskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskości	nietrzebowniskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskości	nietrzebowniskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskości	nietrzebowniskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskości	nietrzebowniskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskości	nietrzebowniskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskościom	nietrzebowniskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskość	nietrzebowniskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzebowniskość	nietrzebowniskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowościach	nietrzechdniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowościami	nietrzechdniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowością	nietrzechdniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowości	nietrzechdniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowości	nietrzechdniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowości	nietrzechdniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowości	nietrzechdniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowości	nietrzechdniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowościom	nietrzechdniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowość	nietrzechdniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowość	nietrzechdniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechdniowa	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzechdniową	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzechdniową	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzechdniowego	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzechdniowego	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowej	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzechdniowej	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzechdniowej	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzechdniowemu	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowe	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowe	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowe	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzechdniowe	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzechdniowi	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzechdniowych	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzechdniowych	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowych	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowymi	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowym	nietrzechdniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowym	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowym	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechdniowy	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzechdniowy	nietrzechdniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzechkrotnie	nietrzechkrotnie	adv:pos		
nietrzechkrotnościach	nietrzechkrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotnościami	nietrzechkrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotnością	nietrzechkrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotności	nietrzechkrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotności	nietrzechkrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotności	nietrzechkrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotności	nietrzechkrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotności	nietrzechkrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotnościom	nietrzechkrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotność	nietrzechkrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotność	nietrzechkrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrotna	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzechkrotną	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzechkrotną	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzechkrotnego	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzechkrotnego	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotnej	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzechkrotnej	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzechkrotnej	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzechkrotnemu	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotne	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotne	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotne	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzechkrotne	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzechkrotni	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzechkrotnych	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzechkrotnych	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotnych	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotnymi	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotnym	nietrzechkrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotnym	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotnym	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrotny	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzechkrotny	nietrzechkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzechkrólscy	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzechkrólska	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzechkrólską	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzechkrólską	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzechkrólskich	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzechkrólskich	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskich	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskiego	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzechkrólskiego	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskiej	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzechkrólskiej	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzechkrólskiej	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzechkrólskiemu	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskie	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskie	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskie	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskie	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskimi	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskim	nietrzechkrólski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskim	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólskim	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechkrólski	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzechkrólski	nietrzechkrólski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzechkrólsko	nietrzechkrólsko	adv:pos		
nietrzechkrólskościach	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskościami	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskością	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskości	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskości	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskości	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskości	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskości	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskościom	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskość	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechkrólskość	nietrzechkrólskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletnia	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzechletnią	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzechletnią	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzechletnich	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzechletnich	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechletnich	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechletniego	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzechletniego	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechletniej	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzechletniej	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzechletniej	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzechletniemu	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechletnie	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechletnie	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechletnie	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzechletnie	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzechletnimi	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechletnim	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechletnim	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechletnim	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechletni	nietrzechletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzechletni	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzechletni	nietrzechletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzechletniościach	nietrzechletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniościami	nietrzechletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniością	nietrzechletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniości	nietrzechletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniości	nietrzechletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniości	nietrzechletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniości	nietrzechletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniości	nietrzechletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniościom	nietrzechletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniość	nietrzechletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechletniość	nietrzechletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletnia	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzechsetletnią	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzechsetletnią	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzechsetletnich	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzechsetletnich	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnich	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletniego	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzechsetletniego	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletniej	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzechsetletniej	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzechsetletniej	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzechsetletniemu	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnie	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnie	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnie	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnie	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnimi	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnim	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnim	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletnim	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetletni	nietrzechsetletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzechsetletni	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzechsetletni	nietrzechsetletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzechsetletniościach	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniościami	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniością	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniości	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniości	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniości	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniości	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniości	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniościom	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniość	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetletniość	nietrzechsetletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetnościach	nietrzechsetność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetnościami	nietrzechsetność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetnością	nietrzechsetność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetności	nietrzechsetność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetności	nietrzechsetność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetności	nietrzechsetność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetności	nietrzechsetność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetności	nietrzechsetność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetnościom	nietrzechsetność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetność	nietrzechsetność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetność	nietrzechsetność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechsetna	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzechsetną	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzechsetną	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzechsetnego	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzechsetnego	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetnej	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzechsetnej	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzechsetnej	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzechsetnemu	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetne	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetne	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetne	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzechsetne	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzechsetni	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzechsetnych	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzechsetnych	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetnych	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetnymi	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetnym	nietrzechsetny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechsetnym	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetnym	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechsetny	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzechsetny	nietrzechsetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznościach	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięcznościami	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięcznością	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczności	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczności	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczności	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczności	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczności	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięcznościom	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczność	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczność	nietrzechtysięczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzechtysięczna	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzechtysięczną	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzechtysięczną	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznego	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznego	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznej	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznej	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznej	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznemu	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięczne	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięczne	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięczne	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzechtysięczne	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzechtysięczni	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznych	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznych	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznych	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznymi	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznym	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznym	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięcznym	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzechtysięczny	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzechtysięczny	nietrzechtysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzecia	nietrzeci	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzecią	nietrzeci	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzecią	nietrzeci	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzecich	nietrzeci	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzecich	nietrzeci	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecich	nietrzeci	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciego	nietrzeci	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeciego	nietrzeci	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciej	nietrzeci	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeciej	nietrzeci	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeciej	nietrzeci	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeciemu	nietrzeci	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecie	nietrzeci	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecie	nietrzeci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecie	nietrzeci	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzecie	nietrzeci	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzecimi	nietrzeci	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecim	nietrzeci	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecim	nietrzeci	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecim	nietrzeci	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeci	nietrzeci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeci	nietrzeci	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeci	nietrzeci	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzecioletnia	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzecioletnią	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzecioletnią	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzecioletnich	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzecioletnich	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioletnich	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioletniego	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzecioletniego	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioletniej	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzecioletniej	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzecioletniej	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzecioletniemu	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioletnie	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioletnie	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioletnie	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzecioletnie	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzecioletnimi	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioletnim	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioletnim	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioletnim	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioletni	nietrzecioletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzecioletni	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzecioletni	nietrzecioletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzecioletniościach	nietrzecioletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniościami	nietrzecioletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniością	nietrzecioletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniości	nietrzecioletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniości	nietrzecioletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniości	nietrzecioletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniości	nietrzecioletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniości	nietrzecioletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniościom	nietrzecioletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniość	nietrzecioletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioletniość	nietrzecioletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowościach	nietrzecioligowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowościami	nietrzecioligowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowością	nietrzecioligowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowości	nietrzecioligowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowości	nietrzecioligowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowości	nietrzecioligowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowości	nietrzecioligowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowości	nietrzecioligowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowościom	nietrzecioligowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowość	nietrzecioligowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowość	nietrzecioligowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioligowa	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzecioligową	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzecioligową	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzecioligowego	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzecioligowego	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowej	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzecioligowej	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzecioligowej	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzecioligowemu	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowe	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowe	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowe	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzecioligowe	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzecioligowi	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzecioligowych	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzecioligowych	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowych	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowymi	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowym	nietrzecioligowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowym	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowym	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioligowy	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzecioligowy	nietrzecioligowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeciomajowościach	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowościami	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowością	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowości	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowości	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowości	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowości	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowości	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowościom	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowość	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowość	nietrzeciomajowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciomajowa	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeciomajową	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeciomajową	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeciomajowego	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeciomajowego	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowej	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeciomajowej	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeciomajowej	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeciomajowemu	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowe	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowe	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowe	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowe	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowi	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciomajowych	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciomajowych	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowych	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowymi	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowym	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowym	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowym	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciomajowy	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeciomajowy	nietrzeciomajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeciorocznościach	nietrzecioroczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorocznościami	nietrzecioroczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorocznością	nietrzecioroczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczności	nietrzecioroczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczności	nietrzecioroczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczności	nietrzecioroczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczności	nietrzecioroczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczności	nietrzecioroczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorocznościom	nietrzecioroczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczność	nietrzecioroczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczność	nietrzecioroczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzecioroczna	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzecioroczną	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzecioroczną	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeciorocznego	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeciorocznego	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorocznej	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeciorocznej	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeciorocznej	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeciorocznemu	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioroczne	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioroczne	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzecioroczne	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzecioroczne	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzecioroczni	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciorocznych	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciorocznych	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorocznych	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorocznymi	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorocznym	nietrzecioroczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorocznym	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorocznym	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzecioroczny	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzecioroczny	nietrzecioroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnościach	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędnościami	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędnością	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędności	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędności	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędności	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędności	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędności	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędnościom	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędność	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędność	nietrzeciorzędność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędna	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędną	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędną	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnego	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnego	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnej	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnej	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnej	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnemu	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędne	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędne	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędne	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędne	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędni	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnych	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnych	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnych	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnymi	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnym	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnym	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędnym	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędny	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeciorzędny	nietrzeciorzędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowościach	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowościami	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowością	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowości	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowości	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowości	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowości	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowości	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowościom	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowość	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowość	nietrzeciorzędowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciorzędowa	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędową	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędową	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowego	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowego	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowej	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowej	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowej	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowemu	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowe	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowe	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowe	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowe	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowi	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowych	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowych	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowych	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowymi	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowym	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowym	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowym	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowy	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeciorzędowy	nietrzeciorzędowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeciościach	nietrzeciość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciościami	nietrzeciość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciością	nietrzeciość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciości	nietrzeciość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciości	nietrzeciość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciości	nietrzeciość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciości	nietrzeciość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciości	nietrzeciość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciościom	nietrzeciość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciość	nietrzeciość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeciość	nietrzeciość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowościach	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowościami	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowością	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowości	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowości	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowości	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowości	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowości	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowościom	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowość	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowość	nietrzejkrólowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzejkrólowa	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzejkrólową	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzejkrólową	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzejkrólowego	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzejkrólowego	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowej	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzejkrólowej	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzejkrólowej	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzejkrólowemu	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowe	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowe	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowe	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowe	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowi	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzejkrólowych	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzejkrólowych	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowych	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowymi	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowym	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowym	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowym	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzejkrólowy	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzejkrólowy	nietrzejkrólowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzemeszeńscy	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzemeszeńska	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzemeszeńską	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzemeszeńską	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskich	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskich	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskich	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskiego	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskiego	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskiej	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskiej	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskiej	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskiemu	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskie	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskie	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskie	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskie	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskimi	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskim	nietrzemeszeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskim	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskim	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzemeszeński	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzemeszeński	nietrzemeszeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzemeszeńsko	nietrzemeszeńsko	adv:pos		
nietrzemeszeńskościach	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskościami	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskością	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskości	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskości	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskości	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskości	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskości	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskościom	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskość	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzemeszeńskość	nietrzemeszeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwie	nietrzepotliwie	adv:pos		
nietrzepotliwościach	nietrzepotliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwościami	nietrzepotliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwością	nietrzepotliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwości	nietrzepotliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwości	nietrzepotliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwości	nietrzepotliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwości	nietrzepotliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwości	nietrzepotliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwościom	nietrzepotliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwość	nietrzepotliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwość	nietrzepotliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzepotliwa	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzepotliwą	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzepotliwą	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzepotliwego	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzepotliwego	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwej	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzepotliwej	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzepotliwej	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzepotliwemu	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwe	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwe	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwe	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzepotliwe	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzepotliwi	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzepotliwych	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzepotliwych	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwych	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwymi	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwym	nietrzepotliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwym	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwym	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzepotliwy	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzepotliwy	nietrzepotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeszczańscy	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeszczańska	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeszczańską	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeszczańską	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeszczańskich	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeszczańskich	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskich	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskiego	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeszczańskiego	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskiej	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeszczańskiej	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeszczańskiej	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeszczańskiemu	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskie	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskie	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskie	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskie	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskimi	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskim	nietrzeszczański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskim	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczańskim	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczański	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeszczański	nietrzeszczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeszczańsko	nietrzeszczańsko	adv:pos		
nietrzeszczańskościach	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskościami	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskością	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskości	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskości	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskości	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskości	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskości	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskościom	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskość	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczańskość	nietrzeszczańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszcząco	nietrzeszcząco	adv:pos		
nietrzeszczącościach	nietrzeszczącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącościami	nietrzeszczącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącością	nietrzeszczącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącości	nietrzeszczącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącości	nietrzeszczącość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącości	nietrzeszczącość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącości	nietrzeszczącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącości	nietrzeszczącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącościom	nietrzeszczącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącość	nietrzeszczącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszczącość	nietrzeszczącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeszcząca	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeszczącą	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeszczącą	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeszczącego	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeszczącego	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczącej	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeszczącej	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeszczącej	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeszczącemu	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczące	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczące	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczące	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeszczące	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeszczących	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeszczących	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczących	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczącymi	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczącym	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeszczącym	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczącym	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeszczący	nietrzeszczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeszczący	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeszczący	nietrzeszczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrześniowościach	nietrześniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowościami	nietrześniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowością	nietrześniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowości	nietrześniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowości	nietrześniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowości	nietrześniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowości	nietrześniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowości	nietrześniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowościom	nietrześniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowość	nietrześniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowość	nietrześniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrześniowa	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrześniową	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrześniową	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrześniowego	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrześniowego	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrześniowej	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrześniowej	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrześniowej	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrześniowemu	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrześniowe	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrześniowe	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrześniowe	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrześniowe	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrześniowi	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrześniowych	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrześniowych	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrześniowych	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrześniowymi	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrześniowym	nietrześniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrześniowym	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrześniowym	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrześniowy	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrześniowy	nietrześniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatościach	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatościami	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatością	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatości	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatości	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatości	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatości	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatości	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatościom	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatość	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowatość	nietrzewiczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowaci	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzewiczkowata	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatą	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatą	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatego	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatego	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatej	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatej	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatej	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatemu	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowate	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowate	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowate	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowate	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatych	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatych	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatych	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatymi	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatym	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatym	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowatym	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowaty	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzewiczkowaty	nietrzewiczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzewiczkowościach	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowościami	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowością	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowości	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowości	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowości	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowości	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowości	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowościom	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowość	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowość	nietrzewiczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiczkowa	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkową	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkową	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowego	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzewiczkowego	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowej	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowej	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowej	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzewiczkowemu	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowe	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowe	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowe	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowe	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowi	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzewiczkowych	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzewiczkowych	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowych	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowymi	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowym	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowym	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowym	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiczkowy	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzewiczkowy	nietrzewiczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzewikowościach	nietrzewikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowościami	nietrzewikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowością	nietrzewikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowości	nietrzewikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowości	nietrzewikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowości	nietrzewikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowości	nietrzewikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowości	nietrzewikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowościom	nietrzewikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowość	nietrzewikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowość	nietrzewikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewikowa	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzewikową	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzewikową	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzewikowego	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzewikowego	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewikowej	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzewikowej	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzewikowej	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzewikowemu	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewikowe	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewikowe	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewikowe	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzewikowe	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzewikowi	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzewikowych	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzewikowych	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewikowych	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewikowymi	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewikowym	nietrzewikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewikowym	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewikowym	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewikowy	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzewikowy	nietrzewikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzewiowościach	nietrzewiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowościami	nietrzewiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowością	nietrzewiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowości	nietrzewiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowości	nietrzewiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowości	nietrzewiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowości	nietrzewiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowości	nietrzewiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowościom	nietrzewiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowość	nietrzewiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowość	nietrzewiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewiowa	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzewiową	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzewiową	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzewiowego	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzewiowego	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiowej	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzewiowej	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzewiowej	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzewiowemu	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiowe	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiowe	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiowe	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzewiowe	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzewiowi	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzewiowych	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzewiowych	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiowych	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiowymi	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiowym	nietrzewiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewiowym	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiowym	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewiowy	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzewiowy	nietrzewiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzewnościach	nietrzewność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewnościami	nietrzewność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewnością	nietrzewność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewności	nietrzewność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewności	nietrzewność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewności	nietrzewność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewności	nietrzewność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewności	nietrzewność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewnościom	nietrzewność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewność	nietrzewność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewność	nietrzewność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzewna	nietrzewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzewną	nietrzewny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzewną	nietrzewny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzewnego	nietrzewny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzewnego	nietrzewny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewnej	nietrzewny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzewnej	nietrzewny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzewnej	nietrzewny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzewnemu	nietrzewny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewne	nietrzewny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewne	nietrzewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewne	nietrzewny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzewne	nietrzewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzewni	nietrzewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzewnych	nietrzewny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzewnych	nietrzewny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewnych	nietrzewny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewnymi	nietrzewny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewnym	nietrzewny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzewnym	nietrzewny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewnym	nietrzewny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzewny	nietrzewny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzewny	nietrzewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeźwiąco	nietrzeźwiąco	adv:pos		
nietrzeźwiąca	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiącą	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiącą	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiącego	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeźwiącego	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiącej	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiącej	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiącej	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiącemu	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiące	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiące	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiące	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwiące	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwiących	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwiących	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiących	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiącymi	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiącym	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiącym	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiącym	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiący	nietrzeźwiący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwiący	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeźwiący	nietrzeźwiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńcy	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńka	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńką	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńką	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkich	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkich	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkich	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkiego	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkiego	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkiej	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkiej	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkiej	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkiemu	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkie	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkie	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkie	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkie	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkimi	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkim	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkim	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkim	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńki	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńki	nietrzeźwiusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńko	nietrzeźwiusieńko	adv:pos		
nietrzeźwiusieńkościach	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkościami	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkością	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkości	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkości	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkości	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkości	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkości	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkościom	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkość	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiusieńkość	nietrzeźwiusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńcy	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńka	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńką	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńką	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkich	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkich	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkich	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkiego	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkiego	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkiej	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkiej	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkiej	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkiemu	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkie	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkie	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkie	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkie	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkimi	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkim	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkim	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkim	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńki	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńki	nietrzeźwiuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńko	nietrzeźwiuteńko	adv:pos		
nietrzeźwiuteńkościach	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkościami	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkością	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkości	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkości	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkości	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkości	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkości	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkościom	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkość	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiuteńkość	nietrzeźwiuteńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwiutko	nietrzeźwiutko	adv:pos		
nietrzeźwiutkościach	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:pl:loc:f		
nietrzeźwiutkościami	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:pl:inst:f		
nietrzeźwiutkością	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:sg:inst:f		
nietrzeźwiutkości	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:pl:gen:f		
nietrzeźwiutkości	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nietrzeźwiutkości	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nietrzeźwiutkości	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:sg:gen:f		
nietrzeźwiutkości	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:sg:voc:f		
nietrzeźwiutkościom	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:pl:dat:f		
nietrzeźwiutkość	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:sg:acc:f		
nietrzeźwiutkość	nietrzeźwiutkość	subst:sg:nom:f		
nietrzeźwo	nietrzeźwo	adv:pos		
nietrzeźwościowościach	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowościami	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowością	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowości	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowości	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowości	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowości	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowości	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowościom	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowość	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowość	nietrzeźwościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościowa	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwościową	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwościową	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeźwościowego	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeźwościowego	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowej	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeźwościowej	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeźwościowej	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwościowemu	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowe	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowe	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowe	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowe	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowi	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwościowych	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwościowych	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowych	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowymi	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowym	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowym	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowym	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwościowy	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeźwościowy	nietrzeźwościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzeźwościach	nietrzeźwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościami	nietrzeźwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwością	nietrzeźwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwości	nietrzeźwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwości	nietrzeźwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwości	nietrzeźwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwości	nietrzeźwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwości	nietrzeźwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwościom	nietrzeźwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwość	nietrzeźwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwość	nietrzeźwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzeźwa	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwą	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwą	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzeźwego	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzeźwego	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwej	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzeźwej	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzeźwej	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzeźwemu	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwe	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwe	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwe	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwe	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzeźwi	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwych	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzeźwych	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwych	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwymi	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwym	nietrzeźwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzeźwym	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwym	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzeźwy	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzeźwy	nietrzeźwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatościach	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatościami	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatością	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatości	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatości	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatości	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatości	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatości	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatościom	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatość	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowatość	nietrzęsidłowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęsidłowaci	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzęsidłowata	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatą	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatą	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatego	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatego	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatej	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatej	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatej	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatemu	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowate	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowate	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowate	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowate	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatych	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatych	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatych	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatymi	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatym	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatym	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowatym	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęsidłowaty	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzęsidłowaty	nietrzęsidłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzęscy	nietrzęski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzęska	nietrzęski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzęską	nietrzęski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzęską	nietrzęski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzęskich	nietrzęski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzęskich	nietrzęski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęskich	nietrzęski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęskiego	nietrzęski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzęskiego	nietrzęski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęskiej	nietrzęski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzęskiej	nietrzęski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzęskiej	nietrzęski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzęskiemu	nietrzęski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęskie	nietrzęski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęskie	nietrzęski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęskie	nietrzęski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzęskie	nietrzęski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzęskimi	nietrzęski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęskim	nietrzęski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzęskim	nietrzęski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęskim	nietrzęski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzęski	nietrzęski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzęski	nietrzęski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzęsko	nietrzęsko	adv:pos		
nietrzęskościach	nietrzęskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskościami	nietrzęskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskością	nietrzęskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskości	nietrzęskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskości	nietrzęskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskości	nietrzęskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskości	nietrzęskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskości	nietrzęskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskościom	nietrzęskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskość	nietrzęskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzęskość	nietrzęskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmiela	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzmielą	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzmielą	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzmielego	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzmielego	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielej	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzmielej	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzmielej	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzmielemu	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmiele	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmiele	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmiele	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzmiele	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzmielich	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzmielich	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielich	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielimi	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielim	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielim	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielim	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmieli	nietrzmieli	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzmieli	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzmieli	nietrzmieli	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzmielinowatościach	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatościami	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatością	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatości	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatości	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatości	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatości	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatości	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatościom	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatość	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowatość	nietrzmielinowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowaci	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzmielinowata	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowatą	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowatą	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowatego	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzmielinowatego	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowatej	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowatej	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowatej	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowatemu	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowate	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowate	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowate	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzmielinowate	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzmielinowatych	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzmielinowatych	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowatych	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowatymi	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowatym	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowatym	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowatym	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowaty	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzmielinowaty	nietrzmielinowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzmielinowościach	nietrzmielinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowościami	nietrzmielinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowością	nietrzmielinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowości	nietrzmielinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowości	nietrzmielinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowości	nietrzmielinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowości	nietrzmielinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowości	nietrzmielinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowościom	nietrzmielinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowość	nietrzmielinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowość	nietrzmielinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielinowa	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzmielinową	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzmielinową	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowego	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzmielinowego	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowej	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowej	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowej	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzmielinowemu	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowe	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowe	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowe	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzmielinowe	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzmielinowi	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzmielinowych	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzmielinowych	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowych	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowymi	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowym	nietrzmielinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowym	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowym	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzmielinowy	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzmielinowy	nietrzmielinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzmielościach	nietrzmielość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielościami	nietrzmielość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielością	nietrzmielość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielości	nietrzmielość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielości	nietrzmielość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielości	nietrzmielość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielości	nietrzmielość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielości	nietrzmielość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielościom	nietrzmielość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielość	nietrzmielość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzmielość	nietrzmielość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodnościach	nietrzodność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodnościami	nietrzodność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodnością	nietrzodność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodności	nietrzodność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodności	nietrzodność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodności	nietrzodność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodności	nietrzodność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodności	nietrzodność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodnościom	nietrzodność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodność	nietrzodność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodność	nietrzodność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzodna	nietrzodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzodną	nietrzodny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzodną	nietrzodny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzodnego	nietrzodny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzodnego	nietrzodny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzodnej	nietrzodny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzodnej	nietrzodny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzodnej	nietrzodny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzodnemu	nietrzodny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzodne	nietrzodny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzodne	nietrzodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzodne	nietrzodny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzodne	nietrzodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzodni	nietrzodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzodnych	nietrzodny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzodnych	nietrzodny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzodnych	nietrzodny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzodnymi	nietrzodny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzodnym	nietrzodny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzodnym	nietrzodny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzodnym	nietrzodny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzodny	nietrzodny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzodny	nietrzodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzonkowościach	nietrzonkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowościami	nietrzonkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowością	nietrzonkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowości	nietrzonkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowości	nietrzonkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowości	nietrzonkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowości	nietrzonkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowości	nietrzonkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowościom	nietrzonkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowość	nietrzonkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowość	nietrzonkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonkowa	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzonkową	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzonkową	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzonkowego	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzonkowego	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonkowej	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzonkowej	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzonkowej	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzonkowemu	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonkowe	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonkowe	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonkowe	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzonkowe	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzonkowi	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzonkowych	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzonkowych	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonkowych	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonkowymi	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonkowym	nietrzonkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonkowym	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonkowym	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonkowy	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzonkowy	nietrzonkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzonolinowościach	nietrzonolinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowościami	nietrzonolinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowością	nietrzonolinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowości	nietrzonolinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowości	nietrzonolinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowości	nietrzonolinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowości	nietrzonolinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowości	nietrzonolinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowościom	nietrzonolinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowość	nietrzonolinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowość	nietrzonolinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonolinowa	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzonolinową	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzonolinową	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzonolinowego	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzonolinowego	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowej	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzonolinowej	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzonolinowej	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzonolinowemu	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowe	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowe	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowe	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzonolinowe	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzonolinowi	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzonolinowych	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzonolinowych	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowych	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowymi	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowym	nietrzonolinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowym	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowym	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonolinowy	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzonolinowy	nietrzonolinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzonopłetwościach	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwościami	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwością	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwości	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwości	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwości	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwości	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwości	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwościom	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwość	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwość	nietrzonopłetwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonopłetwa	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzonopłetwą	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzonopłetwą	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzonopłetwego	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzonopłetwego	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwej	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzonopłetwej	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzonopłetwej	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzonopłetwemu	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwe	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwe	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwe	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwe	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwi	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzonopłetwych	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzonopłetwych	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwych	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwymi	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwym	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwym	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwym	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonopłetwy	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzonopłetwy	nietrzonopłetwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzonowościach	nietrzonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowościami	nietrzonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowością	nietrzonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowości	nietrzonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowości	nietrzonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowości	nietrzonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowości	nietrzonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowości	nietrzonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowościom	nietrzonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowość	nietrzonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowość	nietrzonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzonowa	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzonową	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzonową	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzonowego	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzonowego	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonowej	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzonowej	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzonowej	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzonowemu	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonowe	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonowe	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonowe	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzonowe	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzonowi	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzonowych	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzonowych	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonowych	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonowymi	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonowym	nietrzonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzonowym	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonowym	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzonowy	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzonowy	nietrzonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzpieniowościach	nietrzpieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowościami	nietrzpieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowością	nietrzpieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowości	nietrzpieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowości	nietrzpieniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowości	nietrzpieniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowości	nietrzpieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowości	nietrzpieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowościom	nietrzpieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowość	nietrzpieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowość	nietrzpieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpieniowa	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzpieniową	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzpieniową	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzpieniowego	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzpieniowego	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowej	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzpieniowej	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzpieniowej	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzpieniowemu	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowe	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowe	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowe	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzpieniowe	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzpieniowi	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzpieniowych	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzpieniowych	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowych	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowymi	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowym	nietrzpieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowym	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowym	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpieniowy	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzpieniowy	nietrzpieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzpiotalscy	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotalska	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotalską	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotalską	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzpiotalskich	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotalskich	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskich	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskiego	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzpiotalskiego	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskiej	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzpiotalskiej	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzpiotalskiej	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotalskiemu	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskie	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskie	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskie	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskie	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskimi	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskim	nietrzpiotalski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskim	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalskim	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotalski	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzpiotalski	nietrzpiotalski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzpiotalsko	nietrzpiotalsko	adv:pos		
nietrzpiotalskościach	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskościami	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskością	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskości	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskości	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskości	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskości	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskości	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskościom	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskość	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotalskość	nietrzpiotalskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwościach	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwościami	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwością	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwości	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwości	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwości	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwości	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwości	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwościom	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwość	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwość	nietrzpiotliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotliwa	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotliwą	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotliwą	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzpiotliwego	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzpiotliwego	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwej	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzpiotliwej	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzpiotliwej	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotliwemu	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwe	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwe	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwe	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwe	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwi	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotliwych	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotliwych	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwych	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwymi	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwym	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwym	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwym	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotliwy	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzpiotliwy	nietrzpiotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzpiotowato	nietrzpiotowato	adv:pos		
nietrzpiotowatościach	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatościami	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatością	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatości	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatości	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatości	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatości	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatości	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatościom	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatość	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowatość	nietrzpiotowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowaci	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotowata	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowatą	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowatą	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowatego	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzpiotowatego	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowatej	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowatej	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowatej	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowatemu	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowate	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowate	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowate	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotowate	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotowatych	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotowatych	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowatych	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowatymi	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowatym	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowatym	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowatym	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowaty	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzpiotowaty	nietrzpiotowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzpiotowscy	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotowska	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowską	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowską	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowskich	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzpiotowskich	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskich	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskiego	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzpiotowskiego	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskiej	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowskiej	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowskiej	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzpiotowskiemu	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskie	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskie	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskie	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskie	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskimi	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskim	nietrzpiotowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskim	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowskim	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzpiotowski	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzpiotowski	nietrzpiotowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzpiotowsko	nietrzpiotowsko	adv:pos		
nietrzpiotowskościach	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskościami	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskością	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskości	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskości	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskości	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskości	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskości	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskościom	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskość	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzpiotowskość	nietrzpiotowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowościach	nietrzustkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowościami	nietrzustkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowością	nietrzustkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowości	nietrzustkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowości	nietrzustkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowości	nietrzustkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowości	nietrzustkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowości	nietrzustkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowościom	nietrzustkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowość	nietrzustkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowość	nietrzustkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzustkowa	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzustkową	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzustkową	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzustkowego	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzustkowego	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzustkowej	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzustkowej	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzustkowej	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzustkowemu	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzustkowe	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzustkowe	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzustkowe	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzustkowe	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzustkowi	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzustkowych	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzustkowych	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzustkowych	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzustkowymi	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzustkowym	nietrzustkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzustkowym	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzustkowym	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzustkowy	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzustkowy	nietrzustkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyaktowościach	nietrzyaktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowościami	nietrzyaktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowością	nietrzyaktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowości	nietrzyaktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowości	nietrzyaktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowości	nietrzyaktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowości	nietrzyaktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowości	nietrzyaktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowościom	nietrzyaktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowość	nietrzyaktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowość	nietrzyaktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyaktowa	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyaktową	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyaktową	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyaktowego	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyaktowego	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowej	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyaktowej	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyaktowej	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyaktowemu	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowe	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowe	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowe	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyaktowe	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyaktowi	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyaktowych	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyaktowych	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowych	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowymi	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowym	nietrzyaktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowym	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowym	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyaktowy	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyaktowy	nietrzyaktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowościach	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowościami	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowością	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowości	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowości	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowości	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowości	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowości	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowościom	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowość	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowość	nietrzyarkuszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyarkuszowa	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyarkuszową	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyarkuszową	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowego	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowego	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowej	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowej	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowej	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowemu	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowe	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowe	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowe	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowe	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowi	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowych	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowych	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowych	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowymi	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowym	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowym	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowym	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowy	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyarkuszowy	nietrzyarkuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznościach	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczucznościami	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczucznością	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczności	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczności	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczności	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczności	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczności	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczucznościom	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczność	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczność	nietrzybuńczuczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzybuńczuczna	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczną	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczną	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznego	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznego	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznej	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznej	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznej	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznemu	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczne	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczne	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczne	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczne	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczni	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznych	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznych	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznych	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznymi	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznym	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznym	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczucznym	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczny	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzybuńczuczny	nietrzybuńczuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyciąscy	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyciąska	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyciąską	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyciąską	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyciąskich	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyciąskich	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskich	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskiego	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyciąskiego	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskiej	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyciąskiej	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyciąskiej	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyciąskiemu	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskie	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskie	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskie	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyciąskie	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyciąskimi	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskim	nietrzyciąski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskim	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyciąskim	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyciąski	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyciąski	nietrzyciąski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyciąsko	nietrzyciąsko	adv:pos		
nietrzyciąskościach	nietrzyciąskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskościami	nietrzyciąskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskością	nietrzyciąskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskości	nietrzyciąskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskości	nietrzyciąskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskości	nietrzyciąskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskości	nietrzyciąskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskości	nietrzyciąskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskościom	nietrzyciąskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskość	nietrzyciąskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyciąskość	nietrzyciąskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowościach	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowościami	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowością	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowości	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowości	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowości	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowości	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowości	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowościom	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowość	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowość	nietrzycyfrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzycyfrowa	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzycyfrową	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzycyfrową	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzycyfrowego	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzycyfrowego	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowej	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzycyfrowej	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzycyfrowej	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzycyfrowemu	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowe	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowe	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowe	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowe	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowi	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzycyfrowych	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzycyfrowych	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowych	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowymi	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowym	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowym	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowym	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzycyfrowy	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzycyfrowy	nietrzycyfrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyczęściowościach	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowościami	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowością	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowości	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowości	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowości	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowości	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowości	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowościom	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowość	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowość	nietrzyczęściowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyczęściowa	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyczęściową	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyczęściową	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyczęściowego	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyczęściowego	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowej	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyczęściowej	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyczęściowej	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyczęściowemu	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowe	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowe	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowe	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowe	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowi	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyczęściowych	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyczęściowych	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowych	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowymi	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowym	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowym	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowym	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyczęściowy	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyczęściowy	nietrzyczęściowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowościach	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowościami	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowością	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowości	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowości	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowości	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowości	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowości	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowościom	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowość	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowość	nietrzyćwierciowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyćwierciowa	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyćwierciową	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyćwierciową	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowego	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowego	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowej	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowej	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowej	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowemu	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowe	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowe	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowe	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowe	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowi	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowych	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowych	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowych	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowymi	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowym	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowym	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowym	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowy	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyćwierciowy	nietrzyćwierciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydniowościach	nietrzydniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowościami	nietrzydniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowością	nietrzydniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowości	nietrzydniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowości	nietrzydniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowości	nietrzydniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowości	nietrzydniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowości	nietrzydniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowościom	nietrzydniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowość	nietrzydniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowość	nietrzydniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydniowa	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzydniową	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzydniową	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzydniowego	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzydniowego	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydniowej	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzydniowej	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzydniowej	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzydniowemu	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydniowe	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydniowe	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydniowe	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzydniowe	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzydniowi	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzydniowych	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzydniowych	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydniowych	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydniowymi	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydniowym	nietrzydniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydniowym	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydniowym	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydniowy	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzydniowy	nietrzydniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydobowościach	nietrzydobowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowościami	nietrzydobowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowością	nietrzydobowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowości	nietrzydobowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowości	nietrzydobowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowości	nietrzydobowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowości	nietrzydobowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowości	nietrzydobowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowościom	nietrzydobowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowość	nietrzydobowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowość	nietrzydobowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydobowa	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzydobową	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzydobową	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzydobowego	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzydobowego	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydobowej	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzydobowej	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzydobowej	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzydobowemu	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydobowe	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydobowe	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydobowe	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzydobowe	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzydobowi	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzydobowych	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzydobowych	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydobowych	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydobowymi	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydobowym	nietrzydobowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydobowym	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydobowym	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydobowy	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzydobowy	nietrzydobowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnia	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnią	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnią	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnich	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnich	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnich	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletniego	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletniego	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletniej	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletniej	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletniej	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletniemu	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnie	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnie	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnie	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnie	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnimi	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnim	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnim	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletnim	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletni	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletni	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletni	nietrzydziestokilkoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydziestokilkoletniościach	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniościami	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniością	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniości	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniości	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniości	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniości	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniości	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniościom	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	nietrzydziestokilkoletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotnie	nietrzydziestokrotnie	adv:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnościach	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotnościami	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotnością	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotności	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotności	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotności	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotności	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotności	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotnościom	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotność	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotność	nietrzydziestokrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestokrotna	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotną	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotną	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnego	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnego	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnej	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnej	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnej	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnemu	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotne	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotne	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotne	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotne	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotni	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnych	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnych	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnych	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnymi	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnym	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnym	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotnym	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotny	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzydziestokrotny	nietrzydziestokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnia	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnią	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnią	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnich	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnich	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnich	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletniego	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzydziestoletniego	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletniej	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoletniej	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoletniej	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoletniemu	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnie	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnie	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnie	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnie	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnimi	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnim	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnim	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletnim	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoletni	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestoletni	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzydziestoletni	nietrzydziestoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydziestoletniościach	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniościami	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniością	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniości	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniości	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniości	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniości	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniości	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniościom	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniość	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoletniość	nietrzydziestoletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletnia	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnią	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnią	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnich	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnich	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnich	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletniego	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletniego	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletniej	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletniej	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletniej	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletniemu	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnie	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnie	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnie	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnie	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnimi	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnim	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnim	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletnim	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletni	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletni	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletni	nietrzydziestoparoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydziestoparoletniościach	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniościami	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniością	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniości	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniości	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniości	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniości	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniości	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniościom	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniość	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestoparoletniość	nietrzydziestoparoletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestościach	nietrzydziestość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestościami	nietrzydziestość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestością	nietrzydziestość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestości	nietrzydziestość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestości	nietrzydziestość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestości	nietrzydziestość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestości	nietrzydziestość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestości	nietrzydziestość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestościom	nietrzydziestość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestość	nietrzydziestość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziestość	nietrzydziestość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzydziesta	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestą	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestą	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzydziestego	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzydziestego	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestej	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzydziestej	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzydziestej	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzydziestemu	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydzieste	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydzieste	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydzieste	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzydzieste	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzydziestych	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzydziestych	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestych	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestymi	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestym	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzydziestym	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziestym	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzydziesty	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzydziesty	nietrzydziesty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzydzieści	nietrzydziesty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzygłosowościach	nietrzygłosowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowościami	nietrzygłosowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowością	nietrzygłosowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowości	nietrzygłosowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowości	nietrzygłosowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowości	nietrzygłosowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowości	nietrzygłosowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowości	nietrzygłosowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowościom	nietrzygłosowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowość	nietrzygłosowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowość	nietrzygłosowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłosowa	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzygłosową	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzygłosową	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzygłosowego	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzygłosowego	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowej	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzygłosowej	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzygłosowej	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzygłosowemu	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowe	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowe	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowe	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzygłosowe	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzygłosowi	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzygłosowych	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzygłosowych	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowych	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowymi	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowym	nietrzygłosowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowym	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowym	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłosowy	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzygłosowy	nietrzygłosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzygłowościach	nietrzygłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowościami	nietrzygłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowością	nietrzygłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowości	nietrzygłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowości	nietrzygłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowości	nietrzygłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowości	nietrzygłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowości	nietrzygłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowościom	nietrzygłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowość	nietrzygłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowość	nietrzygłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygłowa	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzygłową	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzygłową	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzygłowego	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzygłowego	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłowej	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzygłowej	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzygłowej	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzygłowemu	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłowe	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłowe	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłowe	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzygłowe	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzygłowi	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzygłowych	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzygłowych	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłowych	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłowymi	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłowym	nietrzygłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygłowym	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłowym	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygłowy	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzygłowy	nietrzygłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzygodzinnościach	nietrzygodzinność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinnościami	nietrzygodzinność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinnością	nietrzygodzinność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinności	nietrzygodzinność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinności	nietrzygodzinność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinności	nietrzygodzinność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinności	nietrzygodzinność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinności	nietrzygodzinność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinnościom	nietrzygodzinność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinność	nietrzygodzinność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinność	nietrzygodzinność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzygodzinna	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzygodzinną	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzygodzinną	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzygodzinnego	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzygodzinnego	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinnej	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzygodzinnej	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzygodzinnej	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzygodzinnemu	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinne	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinne	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinne	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzygodzinne	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzygodzinni	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzygodzinnych	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzygodzinnych	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinnych	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinnymi	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinnym	nietrzygodzinny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinnym	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinnym	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzygodzinny	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzygodzinny	nietrzygodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnie	nietrzyipółkrotnie	adv:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnościach	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotnościami	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotnością	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotności	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotności	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotności	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotności	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotności	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotnościom	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotność	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotność	nietrzyipółkrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółkrotna	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotną	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotną	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnego	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnego	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnej	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnej	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnej	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnemu	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotne	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotne	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotne	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotne	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotni	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnych	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnych	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnych	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnymi	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnym	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnym	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotnym	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotny	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyipółkrotny	nietrzyipółkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyipółletnia	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółletnią	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółletnią	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyipółletnich	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółletnich	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnich	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletniego	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyipółletniego	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletniej	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyipółletniej	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyipółletniej	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółletniemu	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnie	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnie	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnie	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnie	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnimi	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnim	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnim	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletnim	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółletni	nietrzyipółletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółletni	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyipółletni	nietrzyipółletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyipółletniościach	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniościami	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniością	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniości	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniości	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniości	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniości	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniości	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniościom	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniość	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółletniość	nietrzyipółletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowościach	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowościami	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowością	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowości	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowości	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowości	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowości	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowości	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowościom	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowość	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowość	nietrzyipółmilionowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółmilionowa	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionową	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionową	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowego	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowego	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowej	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowej	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowej	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowemu	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowe	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowe	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowe	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowe	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowi	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowych	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowych	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowych	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowymi	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowym	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowym	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowym	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowy	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyipółmilionowy	nietrzyipółmilionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznościach	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięcznościami	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięcznością	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczności	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczności	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczności	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczności	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczności	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięcznościom	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczność	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczność	nietrzyipółtysięczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyipółtysięczna	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczną	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczną	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznego	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznego	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznej	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznej	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznej	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznemu	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczne	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczne	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczne	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczne	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczni	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznych	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznych	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznych	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznymi	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznym	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznym	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięcznym	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczny	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyipółtysięczny	nietrzyipółtysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyizbowościach	nietrzyizbowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowościami	nietrzyizbowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowością	nietrzyizbowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowości	nietrzyizbowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowości	nietrzyizbowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowości	nietrzyizbowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowości	nietrzyizbowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowości	nietrzyizbowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowościom	nietrzyizbowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowość	nietrzyizbowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowość	nietrzyizbowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyizbowa	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyizbową	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyizbową	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyizbowego	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyizbowego	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowej	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyizbowej	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyizbowej	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyizbowemu	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowe	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowe	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowe	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyizbowe	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyizbowi	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyizbowych	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyizbowych	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowych	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowymi	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowym	nietrzyizbowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowym	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowym	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyizbowy	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyizbowy	nietrzyizbowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykilometrowościach	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowościami	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowością	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowości	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowości	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowości	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowości	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowości	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowościom	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowość	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowość	nietrzykilometrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykilometrowa	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykilometrową	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykilometrową	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykilometrowego	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykilometrowego	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowej	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykilometrowej	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykilometrowej	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykilometrowemu	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowe	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowe	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowe	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowe	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowi	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykilometrowych	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykilometrowych	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowych	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowymi	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowym	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowym	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowym	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykilometrowy	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykilometrowy	nietrzykilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyklapowościach	nietrzyklapowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowościami	nietrzyklapowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowością	nietrzyklapowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowości	nietrzyklapowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowości	nietrzyklapowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowości	nietrzyklapowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowości	nietrzyklapowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowości	nietrzyklapowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowościom	nietrzyklapowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowość	nietrzyklapowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowość	nietrzyklapowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklapowa	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyklapową	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyklapową	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyklapowego	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyklapowego	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowej	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyklapowej	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyklapowej	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyklapowemu	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowe	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowe	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowe	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyklapowe	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyklapowi	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyklapowych	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyklapowych	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowych	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowymi	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowym	nietrzyklapowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowym	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowym	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklapowy	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyklapowy	nietrzyklapowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyklasowościach	nietrzyklasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowościami	nietrzyklasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowością	nietrzyklasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowości	nietrzyklasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowości	nietrzyklasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowości	nietrzyklasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowości	nietrzyklasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowości	nietrzyklasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowościom	nietrzyklasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowość	nietrzyklasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowość	nietrzyklasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyklasowa	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyklasową	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyklasową	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyklasowego	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyklasowego	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowej	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyklasowej	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyklasowej	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyklasowemu	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowe	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowe	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowe	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyklasowe	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyklasowi	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyklasowych	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyklasowych	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowych	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowymi	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowym	nietrzyklasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowym	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowym	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyklasowy	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyklasowy	nietrzyklasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykolorowościach	nietrzykolorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowościami	nietrzykolorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowością	nietrzykolorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowości	nietrzykolorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowości	nietrzykolorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowości	nietrzykolorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowości	nietrzykolorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowości	nietrzykolorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowościom	nietrzykolorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowość	nietrzykolorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowość	nietrzykolorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykolorowa	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykolorową	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykolorową	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykolorowego	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykolorowego	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowej	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykolorowej	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykolorowej	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykolorowemu	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowe	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowe	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowe	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykolorowe	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykolorowi	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykolorowych	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykolorowych	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowych	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowymi	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowym	nietrzykolorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowym	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowym	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykolorowy	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykolorowy	nietrzykolorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykołowościach	nietrzykołowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowościami	nietrzykołowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowością	nietrzykołowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowości	nietrzykołowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowości	nietrzykołowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowości	nietrzykołowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowości	nietrzykołowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowości	nietrzykołowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowościom	nietrzykołowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowość	nietrzykołowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowość	nietrzykołowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykołowa	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykołową	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykołową	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykołowego	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykołowego	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykołowej	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykołowej	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykołowej	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykołowemu	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykołowe	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykołowe	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykołowe	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykołowe	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykołowi	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykołowych	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykołowych	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykołowych	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykołowymi	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykołowym	nietrzykołowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykołowym	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykołowym	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykołowy	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykołowy	nietrzykołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykomorowościach	nietrzykomorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowościami	nietrzykomorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowością	nietrzykomorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowości	nietrzykomorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowości	nietrzykomorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowości	nietrzykomorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowości	nietrzykomorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowości	nietrzykomorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowościom	nietrzykomorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowość	nietrzykomorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowość	nietrzykomorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykomorowa	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykomorową	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykomorową	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykomorowego	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykomorowego	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowej	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykomorowej	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykomorowej	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykomorowemu	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowe	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowe	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowe	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykomorowe	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykomorowi	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykomorowych	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykomorowych	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowych	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowymi	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowym	nietrzykomorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowym	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowym	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykomorowy	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykomorowy	nietrzykomorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykonnościach	nietrzykonność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonnościami	nietrzykonność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonnością	nietrzykonność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonności	nietrzykonność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonności	nietrzykonność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonności	nietrzykonność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonności	nietrzykonność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonności	nietrzykonność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonnościom	nietrzykonność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonność	nietrzykonność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonność	nietrzykonność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykonna	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykonną	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykonną	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykonnego	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykonnego	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykonnej	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykonnej	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykonnej	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykonnemu	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykonne	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykonne	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykonne	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykonne	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykonni	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykonnych	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykonnych	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykonnych	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykonnymi	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykonnym	nietrzykonny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykonnym	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykonnym	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykonny	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykonny	nietrzykonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykreślnościach	nietrzykreślność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślnościami	nietrzykreślność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślnością	nietrzykreślność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślności	nietrzykreślność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślności	nietrzykreślność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślności	nietrzykreślność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślności	nietrzykreślność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślności	nietrzykreślność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślnościom	nietrzykreślność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślność	nietrzykreślność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślność	nietrzykreślność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykreślna	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykreślną	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykreślną	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykreślnego	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykreślnego	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykreślnej	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykreślnej	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykreślnej	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykreślnemu	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykreślne	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykreślne	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykreślne	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykreślne	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykreślni	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykreślnych	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykreślnych	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykreślnych	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykreślnymi	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykreślnym	nietrzykreślny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykreślnym	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykreślnym	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykreślny	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykreślny	nietrzykreślny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykrotnie	nietrzykrotnie	adv:pos		
nietrzykrotnościach	nietrzykrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotnościami	nietrzykrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotnością	nietrzykrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotności	nietrzykrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotności	nietrzykrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotności	nietrzykrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotności	nietrzykrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotności	nietrzykrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotnościom	nietrzykrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotność	nietrzykrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotność	nietrzykrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrotna	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykrotną	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykrotną	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykrotnego	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykrotnego	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrotnej	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykrotnej	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykrotnej	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykrotnemu	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrotne	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrotne	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrotne	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykrotne	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykrotni	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykrotnych	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykrotnych	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrotnych	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrotnymi	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrotnym	nietrzykrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrotnym	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrotnym	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrotny	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykrotny	nietrzykrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykrólscy	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzykrólska	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzykrólską	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzykrólską	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzykrólskich	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzykrólskich	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskich	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskiego	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzykrólskiego	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskiej	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzykrólskiej	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzykrólskiej	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzykrólskiemu	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskie	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskie	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskie	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzykrólskie	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzykrólskimi	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskim	nietrzykrólski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskim	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrólskim	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzykrólski	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzykrólski	nietrzykrólski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzykrólsko	nietrzykrólsko	adv:pos		
nietrzykrólskościach	nietrzykrólskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskościami	nietrzykrólskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskością	nietrzykrólskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskości	nietrzykrólskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskości	nietrzykrólskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskości	nietrzykrólskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskości	nietrzykrólskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskości	nietrzykrólskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskościom	nietrzykrólskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskość	nietrzykrólskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzykrólskość	nietrzykrólskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletnia	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyletnią	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyletnią	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyletnich	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyletnich	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyletnich	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyletniego	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyletniego	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyletniej	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyletniej	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyletniej	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyletniemu	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyletnie	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyletnie	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyletnie	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyletnie	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyletnimi	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyletnim	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyletnim	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyletnim	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyletni	nietrzyletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyletni	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyletni	nietrzyletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyletniościach	nietrzyletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniościami	nietrzyletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniością	nietrzyletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniości	nietrzyletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniości	nietrzyletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniości	nietrzyletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniości	nietrzyletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniości	nietrzyletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniościom	nietrzyletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniość	nietrzyletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyletniość	nietrzyletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistnościach	nietrzylistność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistnościami	nietrzylistność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistnością	nietrzylistność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistności	nietrzylistność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistności	nietrzylistność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistności	nietrzylistność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistności	nietrzylistność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistności	nietrzylistność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistnościom	nietrzylistność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistność	nietrzylistność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistność	nietrzylistność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylistna	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzylistną	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzylistną	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzylistnego	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzylistnego	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylistnej	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzylistnej	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzylistnej	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzylistnemu	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylistne	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylistne	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylistne	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzylistne	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzylistni	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzylistnych	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzylistnych	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylistnych	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylistnymi	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylistnym	nietrzylistny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylistnym	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylistnym	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylistny	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzylistny	nietrzylistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzylufowościach	nietrzylufowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowościami	nietrzylufowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowością	nietrzylufowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowości	nietrzylufowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowości	nietrzylufowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowości	nietrzylufowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowości	nietrzylufowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowości	nietrzylufowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowościom	nietrzylufowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowość	nietrzylufowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowość	nietrzylufowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzylufowa	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzylufową	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzylufową	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzylufowego	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzylufowego	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylufowej	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzylufowej	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzylufowej	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzylufowemu	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylufowe	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylufowe	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylufowe	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzylufowe	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzylufowi	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzylufowych	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzylufowych	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylufowych	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylufowymi	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylufowym	nietrzylufowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzylufowym	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylufowym	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzylufowy	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzylufowy	nietrzylufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyłokciowościach	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowościami	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowością	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowości	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowości	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowości	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowości	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowości	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowościom	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowość	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowość	nietrzyłokciowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyłokciowa	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyłokciową	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyłokciową	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyłokciowego	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyłokciowego	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowej	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyłokciowej	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyłokciowej	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyłokciowemu	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowe	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowe	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowe	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowe	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowi	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyłokciowych	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyłokciowych	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowych	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowymi	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowym	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowym	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowym	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyłokciowy	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyłokciowy	nietrzyłokciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzymasztowościach	nietrzymasztowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowościami	nietrzymasztowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowością	nietrzymasztowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowości	nietrzymasztowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowości	nietrzymasztowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowości	nietrzymasztowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowości	nietrzymasztowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowości	nietrzymasztowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowościom	nietrzymasztowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowość	nietrzymasztowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowość	nietrzymasztowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymasztowa	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzymasztową	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzymasztową	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzymasztowego	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzymasztowego	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowej	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzymasztowej	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzymasztowej	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzymasztowemu	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowe	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowe	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowe	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzymasztowe	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzymasztowi	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzymasztowych	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzymasztowych	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowych	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowymi	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowym	nietrzymasztowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowym	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowym	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymasztowy	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzymasztowy	nietrzymasztowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzymetrowościach	nietrzymetrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowościami	nietrzymetrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowością	nietrzymetrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowości	nietrzymetrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowości	nietrzymetrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowości	nietrzymetrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowości	nietrzymetrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowości	nietrzymetrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowościom	nietrzymetrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowość	nietrzymetrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowość	nietrzymetrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymetrowa	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzymetrową	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzymetrową	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzymetrowego	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzymetrowego	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowej	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzymetrowej	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzymetrowej	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzymetrowemu	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowe	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowe	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowe	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzymetrowe	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzymetrowi	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzymetrowych	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzymetrowych	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowych	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowymi	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowym	nietrzymetrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowym	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowym	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymetrowy	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzymetrowy	nietrzymetrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznościach	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięcznościami	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięcznością	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczności	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczności	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczności	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczności	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczności	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięcznościom	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczność	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczność	nietrzymiesięczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzymiesięczna	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzymiesięczną	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzymiesięczną	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznego	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznego	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznej	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznej	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznej	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznemu	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięczne	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięczne	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięczne	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzymiesięczne	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzymiesięczni	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznych	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznych	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznych	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznymi	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznym	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznym	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięcznym	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzymiesięczny	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzymiesięczny	nietrzymiesięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyminutowościach	nietrzyminutowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowościami	nietrzyminutowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowością	nietrzyminutowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowości	nietrzyminutowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowości	nietrzyminutowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowości	nietrzyminutowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowości	nietrzyminutowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowości	nietrzyminutowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowościom	nietrzyminutowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowość	nietrzyminutowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowość	nietrzyminutowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyminutowa	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyminutową	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyminutową	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyminutowego	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyminutowego	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowej	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyminutowej	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyminutowej	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyminutowemu	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowe	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowe	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowe	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyminutowe	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyminutowi	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyminutowych	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyminutowych	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowych	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowymi	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowym	nietrzyminutowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowym	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowym	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyminutowy	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyminutowy	nietrzyminutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnościach	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinnościami	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinnością	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinności	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinności	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinności	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinności	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinności	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinnościom	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinność	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinność	nietrzynastogodzinność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastogodzinna	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinną	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinną	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnego	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnego	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnej	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnej	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnej	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnemu	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinne	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinne	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinne	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinne	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinni	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnych	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnych	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnych	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnymi	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnym	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnym	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinnym	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinny	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynastogodzinny	nietrzynastogodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnie	nietrzynastokrotnie	adv:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnościach	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotnościami	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotnością	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotności	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotności	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotności	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotności	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotności	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotnościom	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotność	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotność	nietrzynastokrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastokrotna	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynastokrotną	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynastokrotną	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnego	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnego	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnej	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnej	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnej	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnemu	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotne	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotne	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotne	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotne	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotni	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnych	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnych	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnych	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnymi	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnym	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnym	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotnym	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastokrotny	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynastokrotny	nietrzynastokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynastoletnia	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynastoletnią	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynastoletnią	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynastoletnich	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastoletnich	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnich	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletniego	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynastoletniego	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletniej	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynastoletniej	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynastoletniej	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynastoletniemu	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnie	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnie	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnie	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnie	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnimi	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnim	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnim	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletnim	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastoletni	nietrzynastoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastoletni	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynastoletni	nietrzynastoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynastoletniościach	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniościami	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniością	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniości	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniości	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniości	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniości	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniości	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniościom	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniość	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastoletniość	nietrzynastoletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastościach	nietrzynastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastościami	nietrzynastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastością	nietrzynastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastości	nietrzynastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastości	nietrzynastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastości	nietrzynastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastości	nietrzynastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastości	nietrzynastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastościom	nietrzynastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastość	nietrzynastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastość	nietrzynastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowiecznościach	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowiecznościami	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowiecznością	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczności	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczności	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczności	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczności	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczności	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowiecznościom	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczność	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczność	nietrzynastowieczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastowieczna	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynastowieczną	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynastowieczną	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznego	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznego	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznej	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznej	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznej	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznemu	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastowieczne	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastowieczne	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastowieczne	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynastowieczne	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynastowieczni	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznych	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznych	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznych	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznymi	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznym	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznym	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastowiecznym	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastowieczny	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynastowieczny	nietrzynastowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowościach	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowościami	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowością	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowości	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowości	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowości	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowości	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowości	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowościom	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowość	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowość	nietrzynastozgłoskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynastozgłoskowa	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskową	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskową	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowego	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowego	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowej	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowej	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowej	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowemu	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowe	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowe	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowe	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowe	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowi	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowych	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowych	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowych	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowymi	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowym	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowym	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowym	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowy	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynastozgłoskowy	nietrzynastozgłoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynasta	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynastą	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynastą	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynastego	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynastego	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastej	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynastej	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynastej	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynastemu	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynaste	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynaste	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynaste	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynaste	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynastych	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynastych	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastych	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastymi	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastym	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynastym	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynastym	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynasty	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynasty	nietrzynasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynaści	nietrzynasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynawowościach	nietrzynawowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowościami	nietrzynawowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowością	nietrzynawowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowości	nietrzynawowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowości	nietrzynawowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowości	nietrzynawowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowości	nietrzynawowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowości	nietrzynawowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowościom	nietrzynawowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowość	nietrzynawowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowość	nietrzynawowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynawowa	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynawową	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynawową	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynawowego	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynawowego	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynawowej	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynawowej	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynawowej	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynawowemu	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynawowe	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynawowe	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynawowe	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynawowe	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynawowi	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynawowych	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynawowych	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynawowych	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynawowymi	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynawowym	nietrzynawowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynawowym	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynawowym	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynawowy	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynawowy	nietrzynawowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzynożnościach	nietrzynożność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożnościami	nietrzynożność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożnością	nietrzynożność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożności	nietrzynożność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożności	nietrzynożność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożności	nietrzynożność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożności	nietrzynożność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożności	nietrzynożność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożnościom	nietrzynożność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożność	nietrzynożność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożność	nietrzynożność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzynożna	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzynożną	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzynożną	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzynożnego	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzynożnego	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynożnej	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzynożnej	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzynożnej	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzynożnemu	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynożne	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynożne	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynożne	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzynożne	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzynożni	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzynożnych	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzynożnych	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynożnych	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynożnymi	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynożnym	nietrzynożny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzynożnym	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynożnym	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzynożny	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzynożny	nietrzynożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyokiennościach	nietrzyokienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokiennościami	nietrzyokienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokiennością	nietrzyokienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienności	nietrzyokienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienności	nietrzyokienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienności	nietrzyokienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienności	nietrzyokienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienności	nietrzyokienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokiennościom	nietrzyokienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienność	nietrzyokienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienność	nietrzyokienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyokienna	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyokienną	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyokienną	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyokiennego	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyokiennego	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyokiennej	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyokiennej	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyokiennej	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyokiennemu	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyokienne	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyokienne	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyokienne	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyokienne	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyokienni	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyokiennych	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyokiennych	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyokiennych	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyokiennymi	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyokiennym	nietrzyokienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyokiennym	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyokiennym	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyokienny	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyokienny	nietrzyokienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyosiowościach	nietrzyosiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowościami	nietrzyosiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowością	nietrzyosiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowości	nietrzyosiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowości	nietrzyosiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowości	nietrzyosiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowości	nietrzyosiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowości	nietrzyosiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowościom	nietrzyosiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowość	nietrzyosiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowość	nietrzyosiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosiowa	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyosiową	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyosiową	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyosiowego	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyosiowego	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowej	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyosiowej	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyosiowej	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyosiowemu	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowe	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowe	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowe	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyosiowe	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyosiowi	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyosiowych	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyosiowych	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowych	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowymi	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowym	nietrzyosiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowym	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowym	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosiowy	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyosiowy	nietrzyosiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyosobowo	nietrzyosobowo	adv:pos		
nietrzyosobowościach	nietrzyosobowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowościami	nietrzyosobowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowością	nietrzyosobowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowości	nietrzyosobowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowości	nietrzyosobowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowości	nietrzyosobowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowości	nietrzyosobowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowości	nietrzyosobowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowościom	nietrzyosobowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowość	nietrzyosobowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowość	nietrzyosobowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyosobowa	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyosobową	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyosobową	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyosobowego	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyosobowego	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowej	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyosobowej	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyosobowej	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyosobowemu	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowe	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowe	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowe	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyosobowe	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyosobowi	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyosobowych	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyosobowych	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowych	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowymi	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowym	nietrzyosobowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowym	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowym	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyosobowy	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyosobowy	nietrzyosobowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzypiętrowościach	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowościami	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowością	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowości	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowości	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowości	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowości	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowości	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowościom	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowość	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowość	nietrzypiętrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypiętrowa	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzypiętrową	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzypiętrową	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzypiętrowego	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzypiętrowego	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowej	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzypiętrowej	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzypiętrowej	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzypiętrowemu	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowe	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowe	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowe	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowe	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowi	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzypiętrowych	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzypiętrowych	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowych	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowymi	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowym	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowym	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowym	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypiętrowy	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzypiętrowy	nietrzypiętrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzypokojowościach	nietrzypokojowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowościami	nietrzypokojowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowością	nietrzypokojowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowości	nietrzypokojowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowości	nietrzypokojowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowości	nietrzypokojowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowości	nietrzypokojowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowości	nietrzypokojowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowościom	nietrzypokojowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowość	nietrzypokojowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowość	nietrzypokojowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypokojowa	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzypokojową	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzypokojową	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzypokojowego	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzypokojowego	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowej	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzypokojowej	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzypokojowej	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzypokojowemu	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowe	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowe	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowe	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzypokojowe	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzypokojowi	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzypokojowych	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzypokojowych	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowych	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowymi	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowym	nietrzypokojowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowym	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowym	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypokojowy	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzypokojowy	nietrzypokojowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzypolnościach	nietrzypolność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolnościami	nietrzypolność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolnością	nietrzypolność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolności	nietrzypolność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolności	nietrzypolność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolności	nietrzypolność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolności	nietrzypolność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolności	nietrzypolność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolnościom	nietrzypolność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolność	nietrzypolność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolność	nietrzypolność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolna	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzypolną	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzypolną	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzypolnego	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzypolnego	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolnej	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzypolnej	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzypolnej	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzypolnemu	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolne	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolne	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolne	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzypolne	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzypolni	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzypolnych	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzypolnych	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolnych	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolnymi	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolnym	nietrzypolny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolnym	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolnym	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolny	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzypolny	nietrzypolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzypolowościach	nietrzypolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowościami	nietrzypolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowością	nietrzypolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowości	nietrzypolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowości	nietrzypolowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowości	nietrzypolowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowości	nietrzypolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowości	nietrzypolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowościom	nietrzypolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowość	nietrzypolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowość	nietrzypolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzypolowa	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzypolową	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzypolową	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzypolowego	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzypolowego	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolowej	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzypolowej	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzypolowej	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzypolowemu	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolowe	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolowe	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolowe	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzypolowe	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzypolowi	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzypolowych	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzypolowych	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolowych	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolowymi	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolowym	nietrzypolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzypolowym	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolowym	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzypolowy	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzypolowy	nietrzypolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyramiennościach	nietrzyramienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramiennościami	nietrzyramienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramiennością	nietrzyramienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienności	nietrzyramienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienności	nietrzyramienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienności	nietrzyramienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienności	nietrzyramienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienności	nietrzyramienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramiennościom	nietrzyramienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienność	nietrzyramienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienność	nietrzyramienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyramienna	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyramienną	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyramienną	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyramiennego	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyramiennego	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyramiennej	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyramiennej	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyramiennej	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyramiennemu	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyramienne	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyramienne	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyramienne	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyramienne	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyramienni	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyramiennych	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyramiennych	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyramiennych	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyramiennymi	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyramiennym	nietrzyramienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyramiennym	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyramiennym	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyramienny	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyramienny	nietrzyramienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyrublowościach	nietrzyrublowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowościami	nietrzyrublowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowością	nietrzyrublowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowości	nietrzyrublowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowości	nietrzyrublowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowości	nietrzyrublowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowości	nietrzyrublowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowości	nietrzyrublowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowościom	nietrzyrublowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowość	nietrzyrublowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowość	nietrzyrublowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyrublowa	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyrublową	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyrublową	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyrublowego	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyrublowego	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowej	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyrublowej	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyrublowej	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyrublowemu	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowe	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowe	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowe	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyrublowe	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyrublowi	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyrublowych	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyrublowych	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowych	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowymi	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowym	nietrzyrublowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowym	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowym	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyrublowy	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyrublowy	nietrzyrublowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyskibowościach	nietrzyskibowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowościami	nietrzyskibowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowością	nietrzyskibowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowości	nietrzyskibowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowości	nietrzyskibowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowości	nietrzyskibowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowości	nietrzyskibowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowości	nietrzyskibowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowościom	nietrzyskibowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowość	nietrzyskibowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowość	nietrzyskibowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyskibowa	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyskibową	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyskibową	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyskibowego	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyskibowego	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowej	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyskibowej	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyskibowej	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyskibowemu	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowe	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowe	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowe	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyskibowe	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyskibowi	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyskibowych	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyskibowych	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowych	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowymi	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowym	nietrzyskibowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowym	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowym	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyskibowy	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyskibowy	nietrzyskibowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyspadkowościach	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowościami	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowością	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowości	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowości	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowości	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowości	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowości	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowościom	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowość	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowość	nietrzyspadkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyspadkowa	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyspadkową	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyspadkową	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyspadkowego	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyspadkowego	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowej	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyspadkowej	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyspadkowej	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyspadkowemu	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowe	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowe	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowe	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowe	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowi	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyspadkowych	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyspadkowych	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowych	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowymi	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowym	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowym	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowym	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyspadkowy	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyspadkowy	nietrzyspadkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzystoletnia	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzystoletnią	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzystoletnią	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzystoletnich	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzystoletnich	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystoletnich	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystoletniego	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzystoletniego	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystoletniej	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzystoletniej	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzystoletniej	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzystoletniemu	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystoletnie	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystoletnie	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystoletnie	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzystoletnie	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzystoletnimi	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystoletnim	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystoletnim	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystoletnim	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystoletni	nietrzystoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzystoletni	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzystoletni	nietrzystoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzystoletniościach	nietrzystoletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniościami	nietrzystoletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniością	nietrzystoletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniości	nietrzystoletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniości	nietrzystoletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniości	nietrzystoletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniości	nietrzystoletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniości	nietrzystoletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniościom	nietrzystoletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniość	nietrzystoletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystoletniość	nietrzystoletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowościach	nietrzystopniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowościami	nietrzystopniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowością	nietrzystopniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowości	nietrzystopniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowości	nietrzystopniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowości	nietrzystopniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowości	nietrzystopniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowości	nietrzystopniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowościom	nietrzystopniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowość	nietrzystopniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowość	nietrzystopniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopniowa	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzystopniową	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzystopniową	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzystopniowego	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzystopniowego	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowej	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzystopniowej	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzystopniowej	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzystopniowemu	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowe	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowe	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowe	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzystopniowe	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzystopniowi	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzystopniowych	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzystopniowych	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowych	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowymi	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowym	nietrzystopniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowym	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowym	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopniowy	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzystopniowy	nietrzystopniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzystopowościach	nietrzystopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowościami	nietrzystopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowością	nietrzystopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowości	nietrzystopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowości	nietrzystopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowości	nietrzystopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowości	nietrzystopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowości	nietrzystopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowościom	nietrzystopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowość	nietrzystopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowość	nietrzystopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystopowa	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzystopową	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzystopową	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzystopowego	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzystopowego	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopowej	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzystopowej	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzystopowej	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzystopowemu	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopowe	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopowe	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopowe	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzystopowe	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzystopowi	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzystopowych	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzystopowych	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopowych	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopowymi	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopowym	nietrzystopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystopowym	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopowym	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystopowy	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzystopowy	nietrzystopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzystrunnościach	nietrzystrunność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunnościami	nietrzystrunność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunnością	nietrzystrunność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunności	nietrzystrunność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunności	nietrzystrunność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunności	nietrzystrunność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunności	nietrzystrunność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunności	nietrzystrunność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunnościom	nietrzystrunność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunność	nietrzystrunność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunność	nietrzystrunność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrunna	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzystrunną	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzystrunną	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzystrunnego	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzystrunnego	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrunnej	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzystrunnej	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzystrunnej	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzystrunnemu	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrunne	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrunne	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrunne	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzystrunne	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzystrunni	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzystrunnych	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzystrunnych	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrunnych	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrunnymi	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrunnym	nietrzystrunny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrunnym	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrunnym	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrunny	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzystrunny	nietrzystrunny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzystrzałowościach	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowościami	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowością	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowości	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowości	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowości	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowości	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowości	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowościom	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowość	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowość	nietrzystrzałowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzystrzałowa	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzystrzałową	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzystrzałową	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzystrzałowego	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzystrzałowego	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowej	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzystrzałowej	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzystrzałowej	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzystrzałowemu	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowe	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowe	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowe	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowe	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowi	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzystrzałowych	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzystrzałowych	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowych	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowymi	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowym	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowym	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowym	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzystrzałowy	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzystrzałowy	nietrzystrzałowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzysylabowościach	nietrzysylabowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowościami	nietrzysylabowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowością	nietrzysylabowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowości	nietrzysylabowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowości	nietrzysylabowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowości	nietrzysylabowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowości	nietrzysylabowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowości	nietrzysylabowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowościom	nietrzysylabowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowość	nietrzysylabowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowość	nietrzysylabowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzysylabowa	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzysylabową	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzysylabową	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzysylabowego	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzysylabowego	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowej	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzysylabowej	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzysylabowej	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzysylabowemu	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowe	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowe	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowe	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzysylabowe	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzysylabowi	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzysylabowych	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzysylabowych	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowych	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowymi	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowym	nietrzysylabowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowym	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowym	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzysylabowy	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzysylabowy	nietrzysylabowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowościach	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowościami	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowością	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowości	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowości	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowości	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowości	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowości	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowościom	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowość	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowość	nietrzyszpaltowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyszpaltowa	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyszpaltową	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyszpaltową	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowego	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowego	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowej	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowej	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowej	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowemu	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowe	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowe	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowe	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowe	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowi	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowych	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowych	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowych	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowymi	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowym	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowym	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowym	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowy	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyszpaltowy	nietrzyszpaltowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzytomowościach	nietrzytomowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowościami	nietrzytomowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowością	nietrzytomowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowości	nietrzytomowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowości	nietrzytomowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowości	nietrzytomowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowości	nietrzytomowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowości	nietrzytomowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowościom	nietrzytomowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowość	nietrzytomowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowość	nietrzytomowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytomowa	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzytomową	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzytomową	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzytomowego	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzytomowego	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytomowej	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzytomowej	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzytomowej	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzytomowemu	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytomowe	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytomowe	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytomowe	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzytomowe	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzytomowi	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzytomowych	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzytomowych	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytomowych	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytomowymi	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytomowym	nietrzytomowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytomowym	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytomowym	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytomowy	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzytomowy	nietrzytomowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzytraktowościach	nietrzytraktowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowościami	nietrzytraktowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowością	nietrzytraktowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowości	nietrzytraktowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowości	nietrzytraktowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowości	nietrzytraktowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowości	nietrzytraktowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowości	nietrzytraktowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowościom	nietrzytraktowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowość	nietrzytraktowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowość	nietrzytraktowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytraktowa	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzytraktową	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzytraktową	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzytraktowego	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzytraktowego	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowej	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzytraktowej	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzytraktowej	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzytraktowemu	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowe	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowe	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowe	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzytraktowe	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzytraktowi	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzytraktowych	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzytraktowych	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowych	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowymi	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowym	nietrzytraktowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowym	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowym	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytraktowy	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzytraktowy	nietrzytraktowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzytulnościach	nietrzytulność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulnościami	nietrzytulność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulnością	nietrzytulność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulności	nietrzytulność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulności	nietrzytulność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulności	nietrzytulność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulności	nietrzytulność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulności	nietrzytulność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulnościom	nietrzytulność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulność	nietrzytulność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulność	nietrzytulność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytulna	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzytulną	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzytulną	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzytulnego	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzytulnego	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytulnej	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzytulnej	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzytulnej	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzytulnemu	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytulne	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytulne	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytulne	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzytulne	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzytulni	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzytulnych	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzytulnych	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytulnych	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytulnymi	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytulnym	nietrzytulny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytulnym	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytulnym	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytulny	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzytulny	nietrzytulny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzytygodniowościach	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowościami	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowością	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowości	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowości	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowości	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowości	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowości	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowościom	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowość	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowość	nietrzytygodniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytygodniowa	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzytygodniową	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzytygodniową	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzytygodniowego	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzytygodniowego	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowej	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzytygodniowej	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzytygodniowej	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzytygodniowemu	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowe	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowe	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowe	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowe	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowi	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzytygodniowych	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzytygodniowych	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowych	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowymi	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowym	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowym	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowym	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytygodniowy	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzytygodniowy	nietrzytygodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzytysięcznościach	nietrzytysięczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięcznościami	nietrzytysięczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięcznością	nietrzytysięczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczności	nietrzytysięczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczności	nietrzytysięczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczności	nietrzytysięczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczności	nietrzytysięczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczności	nietrzytysięczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięcznościom	nietrzytysięczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczność	nietrzytysięczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczność	nietrzytysięczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzytysięczna	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzytysięczną	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzytysięczną	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzytysięcznego	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzytysięcznego	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytysięcznej	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzytysięcznej	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzytysięcznej	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzytysięcznemu	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytysięczne	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytysięczne	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytysięczne	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzytysięczne	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzytysięczni	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzytysięcznych	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzytysięcznych	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytysięcznych	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytysięcznymi	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytysięcznym	nietrzytysięczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzytysięcznym	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytysięcznym	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzytysięczny	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzytysięczny	nietrzytysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzywarstwowościach	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowościami	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowością	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowości	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowości	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowości	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowości	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowości	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowościom	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowość	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowość	nietrzywarstwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywarstwowa	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzywarstwową	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzywarstwową	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzywarstwowego	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzywarstwowego	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowej	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzywarstwowej	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzywarstwowej	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzywarstwowemu	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowe	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowe	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowe	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowe	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowi	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzywarstwowych	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzywarstwowych	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowych	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowymi	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowym	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowym	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowym	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywarstwowy	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzywarstwowy	nietrzywarstwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzywiekowościach	nietrzywiekowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowościami	nietrzywiekowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowością	nietrzywiekowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowości	nietrzywiekowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowości	nietrzywiekowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowości	nietrzywiekowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowości	nietrzywiekowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowości	nietrzywiekowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowościom	nietrzywiekowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowość	nietrzywiekowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowość	nietrzywiekowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywiekowa	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzywiekową	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzywiekową	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzywiekowego	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzywiekowego	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowej	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzywiekowej	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzywiekowej	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzywiekowemu	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowe	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowe	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowe	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzywiekowe	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzywiekowi	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzywiekowych	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzywiekowych	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowych	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowymi	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowym	nietrzywiekowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowym	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowym	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywiekowy	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzywiekowy	nietrzywiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzywierszowościach	nietrzywierszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowościami	nietrzywierszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowością	nietrzywierszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowości	nietrzywierszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowości	nietrzywierszowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowości	nietrzywierszowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowości	nietrzywierszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowości	nietrzywierszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowościom	nietrzywierszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowość	nietrzywierszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowość	nietrzywierszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzywierszowa	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzywierszową	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzywierszową	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzywierszowego	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzywierszowego	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowej	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzywierszowej	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzywierszowej	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzywierszowemu	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowe	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowe	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowe	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzywierszowe	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzywierszowi	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzywierszowych	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzywierszowych	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowych	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowymi	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowym	nietrzywierszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowym	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowym	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzywierszowy	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzywierszowy	nietrzywierszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowościach	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowościami	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowością	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowości	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowości	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowości	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowości	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowości	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowościom	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowość	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowość	nietrzyzgłoskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzgłoskowa	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskową	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskową	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowego	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowego	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowej	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowej	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowej	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowemu	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowe	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowe	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowe	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowe	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowi	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowych	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowych	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowych	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowymi	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowym	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowym	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowym	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowy	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyzgłoskowy	nietrzyzgłoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietrzyzmianowościach	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowościami	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowością	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowości	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowości	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowości	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowości	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowości	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowościom	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowość	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowość	nietrzyzmianowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietrzyzmianowa	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietrzyzmianową	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietrzyzmianową	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietrzyzmianowego	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietrzyzmianowego	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowej	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietrzyzmianowej	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietrzyzmianowej	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietrzyzmianowemu	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowe	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowe	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowe	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowe	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowi	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietrzyzmianowych	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietrzyzmianowych	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowych	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowymi	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowym	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowym	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowym	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietrzyzmianowy	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietrzyzmianowy	nietrzyzmianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietualetowościach	nietualetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowościami	nietualetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowością	nietualetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowości	nietualetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowości	nietualetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowości	nietualetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowości	nietualetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowości	nietualetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowościom	nietualetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowość	nietualetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowość	nietualetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietualetowa	nietualetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietualetową	nietualetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietualetową	nietualetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietualetowego	nietualetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietualetowego	nietualetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietualetowej	nietualetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietualetowej	nietualetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietualetowej	nietualetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietualetowemu	nietualetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietualetowe	nietualetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietualetowe	nietualetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietualetowe	nietualetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietualetowe	nietualetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietualetowi	nietualetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietualetowych	nietualetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietualetowych	nietualetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietualetowych	nietualetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietualetowymi	nietualetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietualetowym	nietualetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietualetowym	nietualetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietualetowym	nietualetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietualetowy	nietualetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietualetowy	nietualetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuarescy	nietuareski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuareska	nietuareski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuareską	nietuareski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuareską	nietuareski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuareskich	nietuareski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuareskich	nietuareski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuareskich	nietuareski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuareskiego	nietuareski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuareskiego	nietuareski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuareskiej	nietuareski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuareskiej	nietuareski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuareskiej	nietuareski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuareskiemu	nietuareski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuareskie	nietuareski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuareskie	nietuareski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuareskie	nietuareski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuareskie	nietuareski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuareskimi	nietuareski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuareskim	nietuareski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuareskim	nietuareski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuareskim	nietuareski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuareski	nietuareski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuareski	nietuareski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuaresko	nietuaresko	adv:pos		
nietuareskościach	nietuareskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskościami	nietuareskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskością	nietuareskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskości	nietuareskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskości	nietuareskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskości	nietuareskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskości	nietuareskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskości	nietuareskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskościom	nietuareskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskość	nietuareskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuareskość	nietuareskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalnie	nietubalnie	adv:pos		
nietubalnościach	nietubalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalnościami	nietubalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalnością	nietubalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalności	nietubalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalności	nietubalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalności	nietubalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalności	nietubalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalności	nietubalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalnościom	nietubalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalność	nietubalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalność	nietubalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubalna	nietubalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietubalną	nietubalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietubalną	nietubalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietubalnego	nietubalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietubalnego	nietubalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubalnej	nietubalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietubalnej	nietubalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietubalnej	nietubalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietubalnemu	nietubalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubalne	nietubalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubalne	nietubalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubalne	nietubalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietubalne	nietubalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietubalni	nietubalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietubalnych	nietubalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietubalnych	nietubalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubalnych	nietubalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubalnymi	nietubalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubalnym	nietubalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubalnym	nietubalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubalnym	nietubalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubalny	nietubalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietubalny	nietubalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuberkulicznościach	nietuberkuliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulicznościami	nietuberkuliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulicznością	nietuberkuliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczności	nietuberkuliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczności	nietuberkuliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczności	nietuberkuliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczności	nietuberkuliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczności	nietuberkuliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulicznościom	nietuberkuliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczność	nietuberkuliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczność	nietuberkuliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkuliczna	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuberkuliczną	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuberkuliczną	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuberkulicznego	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuberkulicznego	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkulicznej	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuberkulicznej	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuberkulicznej	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuberkulicznemu	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkuliczne	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkuliczne	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkuliczne	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuberkuliczne	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuberkuliczni	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuberkulicznych	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuberkulicznych	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulicznych	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulicznymi	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulicznym	nietuberkuliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulicznym	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkulicznym	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkuliczny	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuberkuliczny	nietuberkuliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuberkulinowościach	nietuberkulinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowościami	nietuberkulinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowością	nietuberkulinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowości	nietuberkulinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowości	nietuberkulinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowości	nietuberkulinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowości	nietuberkulinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowości	nietuberkulinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowościom	nietuberkulinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowość	nietuberkulinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowość	nietuberkulinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuberkulinowa	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuberkulinową	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuberkulinową	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuberkulinowego	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuberkulinowego	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowej	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuberkulinowej	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuberkulinowej	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuberkulinowemu	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowe	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowe	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowe	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuberkulinowe	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuberkulinowi	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuberkulinowych	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuberkulinowych	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowych	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowymi	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowym	nietuberkulinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowym	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowym	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuberkulinowy	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuberkulinowy	nietuberkulinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietubiastościach	nietubiastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastościami	nietubiastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastością	nietubiastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastości	nietubiastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastości	nietubiastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastości	nietubiastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastości	nietubiastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastości	nietubiastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastościom	nietubiastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastość	nietubiastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiastość	nietubiastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubiasta	nietubiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietubiastą	nietubiasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietubiastą	nietubiasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietubiastego	nietubiasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietubiastego	nietubiasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubiastej	nietubiasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietubiastej	nietubiasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietubiastej	nietubiasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietubiastemu	nietubiasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubiaste	nietubiasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubiaste	nietubiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubiaste	nietubiasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietubiaste	nietubiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietubiastych	nietubiasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietubiastych	nietubiasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubiastych	nietubiasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubiastymi	nietubiasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubiastym	nietubiasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubiastym	nietubiasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubiastym	nietubiasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubiasty	nietubiasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietubiasty	nietubiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietubiaści	nietubiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietubowościach	nietubowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowościami	nietubowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowością	nietubowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowości	nietubowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowości	nietubowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowości	nietubowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowości	nietubowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowości	nietubowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowościom	nietubowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowość	nietubowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowość	nietubowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubowa	nietubowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietubową	nietubowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietubową	nietubowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietubowego	nietubowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietubowego	nietubowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubowej	nietubowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietubowej	nietubowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietubowej	nietubowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietubowemu	nietubowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubowe	nietubowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubowe	nietubowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubowe	nietubowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietubowe	nietubowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietubowi	nietubowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietubowych	nietubowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietubowych	nietubowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubowych	nietubowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubowymi	nietubowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubowym	nietubowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubowym	nietubowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubowym	nietubowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubowy	nietubowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietubowy	nietubowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietubylczo	nietubylczo	adv:pos		
nietubylczościach	nietubylczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczościami	nietubylczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczością	nietubylczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczości	nietubylczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczości	nietubylczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczości	nietubylczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczości	nietubylczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczości	nietubylczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczościom	nietubylczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczość	nietubylczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylczość	nietubylczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietubylcza	nietubylczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietubylczą	nietubylczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietubylczą	nietubylczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietubylczego	nietubylczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietubylczego	nietubylczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubylczej	nietubylczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietubylczej	nietubylczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietubylczej	nietubylczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietubylczemu	nietubylczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubylcze	nietubylczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubylcze	nietubylczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubylcze	nietubylczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietubylcze	nietubylczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietubylczych	nietubylczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietubylczych	nietubylczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubylczych	nietubylczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubylczymi	nietubylczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubylczym	nietubylczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietubylczym	nietubylczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubylczym	nietubylczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietubylczy	nietubylczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietubylczy	nietubylczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietubylczy	nietubylczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietucholscy	nietucholski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietucholska	nietucholski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietucholską	nietucholski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietucholską	nietucholski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietucholskich	nietucholski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietucholskich	nietucholski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucholskich	nietucholski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucholskiego	nietucholski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietucholskiego	nietucholski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietucholskiej	nietucholski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietucholskiej	nietucholski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietucholskiej	nietucholski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietucholskiemu	nietucholski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietucholskie	nietucholski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucholskie	nietucholski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucholskie	nietucholski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietucholskie	nietucholski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietucholskimi	nietucholski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucholskim	nietucholski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucholskim	nietucholski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietucholskim	nietucholski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietucholski	nietucholski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietucholski	nietucholski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietucholsko	nietucholsko	adv:pos		
nietucholskościach	nietucholskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskościami	nietucholskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskością	nietucholskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskości	nietucholskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskości	nietucholskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskości	nietucholskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskości	nietucholskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskości	nietucholskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskościom	nietucholskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskość	nietucholskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucholskość	nietucholskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomscy	nietuchomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuchomska	nietuchomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuchomską	nietuchomski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuchomską	nietuchomski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuchomskich	nietuchomski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuchomskich	nietuchomski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchomskich	nietuchomski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchomskiego	nietuchomski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuchomskiego	nietuchomski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchomskiej	nietuchomski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuchomskiej	nietuchomski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuchomskiej	nietuchomski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuchomskiemu	nietuchomski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchomskie	nietuchomski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchomskie	nietuchomski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchomskie	nietuchomski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuchomskie	nietuchomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuchomskimi	nietuchomski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchomskim	nietuchomski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchomskim	nietuchomski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchomskim	nietuchomski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchomski	nietuchomski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuchomski	nietuchomski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuchomsko	nietuchomsko	adv:pos		
nietuchomskościach	nietuchomskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskościami	nietuchomskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskością	nietuchomskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskości	nietuchomskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskości	nietuchomskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskości	nietuchomskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskości	nietuchomskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskości	nietuchomskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskościom	nietuchomskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskość	nietuchomskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchomskość	nietuchomskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowscy	nietuchowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuchowska	nietuchowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuchowską	nietuchowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuchowską	nietuchowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuchowskich	nietuchowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuchowskich	nietuchowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchowskich	nietuchowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchowskiego	nietuchowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuchowskiego	nietuchowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchowskiej	nietuchowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuchowskiej	nietuchowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuchowskiej	nietuchowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuchowskiemu	nietuchowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchowskie	nietuchowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchowskie	nietuchowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchowskie	nietuchowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuchowskie	nietuchowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuchowskimi	nietuchowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchowskim	nietuchowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuchowskim	nietuchowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchowskim	nietuchowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuchowski	nietuchowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuchowski	nietuchowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuchowsko	nietuchowsko	adv:pos		
nietuchowskościach	nietuchowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskościami	nietuchowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskością	nietuchowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskości	nietuchowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskości	nietuchowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskości	nietuchowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskości	nietuchowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskości	nietuchowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskościom	nietuchowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskość	nietuchowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuchowskość	nietuchowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarscy	nietuczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuczarska	nietuczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuczarską	nietuczarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuczarską	nietuczarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuczarskich	nietuczarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuczarskich	nietuczarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczarskich	nietuczarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczarskiego	nietuczarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuczarskiego	nietuczarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczarskiej	nietuczarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuczarskiej	nietuczarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuczarskiej	nietuczarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuczarskiemu	nietuczarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczarskie	nietuczarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczarskie	nietuczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczarskie	nietuczarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuczarskie	nietuczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuczarskimi	nietuczarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczarskim	nietuczarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczarskim	nietuczarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczarskim	nietuczarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczarski	nietuczarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuczarski	nietuczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuczarsko	nietuczarsko	adv:pos		
nietuczarskościach	nietuczarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskościami	nietuczarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskością	nietuczarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskości	nietuczarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskości	nietuczarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskości	nietuczarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskości	nietuczarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskości	nietuczarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskościom	nietuczarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskość	nietuczarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczarskość	nietuczarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńscy	nietuczeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuczeńska	nietuczeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuczeńską	nietuczeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuczeńską	nietuczeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuczeńskich	nietuczeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuczeńskich	nietuczeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczeńskich	nietuczeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczeńskiego	nietuczeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuczeńskiego	nietuczeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczeńskiej	nietuczeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuczeńskiej	nietuczeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuczeńskiej	nietuczeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuczeńskiemu	nietuczeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczeńskie	nietuczeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczeńskie	nietuczeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczeńskie	nietuczeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuczeńskie	nietuczeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuczeńskimi	nietuczeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczeńskim	nietuczeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczeńskim	nietuczeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczeńskim	nietuczeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczeński	nietuczeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuczeński	nietuczeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuczeńsko	nietuczeńsko	adv:pos		
nietuczeńskościach	nietuczeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskościami	nietuczeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskością	nietuczeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskości	nietuczeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskości	nietuczeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskości	nietuczeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskości	nietuczeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskości	nietuczeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskościom	nietuczeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskość	nietuczeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczeńskość	nietuczeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępscy	nietuczępski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuczępska	nietuczępski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuczępską	nietuczępski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuczępską	nietuczępski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuczępskich	nietuczępski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuczępskich	nietuczępski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczępskich	nietuczępski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczępskiego	nietuczępski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuczępskiego	nietuczępski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczępskiej	nietuczępski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuczępskiej	nietuczępski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuczępskiej	nietuczępski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuczępskiemu	nietuczępski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczępskie	nietuczępski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczępskie	nietuczępski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczępskie	nietuczępski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuczępskie	nietuczępski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuczępskimi	nietuczępski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczępskim	nietuczępski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczępskim	nietuczępski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczępskim	nietuczępski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczępski	nietuczępski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuczępski	nietuczępski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuczępsko	nietuczępsko	adv:pos		
nietuczępskościach	nietuczępskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskościami	nietuczępskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskością	nietuczępskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskości	nietuczępskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskości	nietuczępskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskości	nietuczępskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskości	nietuczępskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskości	nietuczępskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskościom	nietuczępskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskość	nietuczępskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczępskość	nietuczępskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucznościach	nietuczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucznościami	nietuczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucznością	nietuczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczności	nietuczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczności	nietuczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczności	nietuczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczności	nietuczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczności	nietuczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietucznościom	nietuczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczność	nietuczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczność	nietuczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuczna	nietuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuczną	nietuczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuczną	nietuczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietucznego	nietuczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietucznego	nietuczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietucznej	nietuczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietucznej	nietuczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietucznej	nietuczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietucznemu	nietuczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczne	nietuczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczne	nietuczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuczne	nietuczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuczne	nietuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuczni	nietuczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietucznych	nietuczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietucznych	nietuczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucznych	nietuczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucznymi	nietuczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucznym	nietuczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietucznym	nietuczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietucznym	nietuczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuczny	nietuczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuczny	nietuczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietufowościach	nietufowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowościami	nietufowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowością	nietufowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowości	nietufowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowości	nietufowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowości	nietufowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowości	nietufowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowości	nietufowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowościom	nietufowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowość	nietufowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowość	nietufowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietufowa	nietufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietufową	nietufowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietufową	nietufowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietufowego	nietufowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietufowego	nietufowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietufowej	nietufowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietufowej	nietufowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietufowej	nietufowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietufowemu	nietufowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietufowe	nietufowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietufowe	nietufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietufowe	nietufowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietufowe	nietufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietufowi	nietufowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietufowych	nietufowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietufowych	nietufowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietufowych	nietufowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietufowymi	nietufowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietufowym	nietufowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietufowym	nietufowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietufowym	nietufowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietufowy	nietufowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietufowy	nietufowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietujowościach	nietujowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowościami	nietujowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowością	nietujowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowości	nietujowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowości	nietujowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowości	nietujowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowości	nietujowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowości	nietujowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowościom	nietujowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowość	nietujowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowość	nietujowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietujowa	nietujowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietujową	nietujowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietujową	nietujowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietujowego	nietujowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietujowego	nietujowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietujowej	nietujowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietujowej	nietujowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietujowej	nietujowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietujowemu	nietujowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietujowe	nietujowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietujowe	nietujowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietujowe	nietujowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietujowe	nietujowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietujowi	nietujowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietujowych	nietujowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietujowych	nietujowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietujowych	nietujowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietujowymi	nietujowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietujowym	nietujowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietujowym	nietujowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietujowym	nietujowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietujowy	nietujowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietujowy	nietujowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietulejkowatościach	nietulejkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatościami	nietulejkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatością	nietulejkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatości	nietulejkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatości	nietulejkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatości	nietulejkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatości	nietulejkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatości	nietulejkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatościom	nietulejkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatość	nietulejkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowatość	nietulejkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowaci	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietulejkowata	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietulejkowatą	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietulejkowatą	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietulejkowatego	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietulejkowatego	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowatej	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietulejkowatej	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietulejkowatej	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietulejkowatemu	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowate	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowate	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowate	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietulejkowate	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietulejkowatych	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietulejkowatych	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowatych	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowatymi	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowatym	nietulejkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowatym	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowatym	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowaty	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietulejkowaty	nietulejkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietulejkowościach	nietulejkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowościami	nietulejkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowością	nietulejkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowości	nietulejkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowości	nietulejkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowości	nietulejkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowości	nietulejkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowości	nietulejkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowościom	nietulejkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowość	nietulejkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowość	nietulejkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejkowa	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietulejkową	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietulejkową	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietulejkowego	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietulejkowego	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowej	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietulejkowej	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietulejkowej	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietulejkowemu	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowe	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowe	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowe	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietulejkowe	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietulejkowi	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietulejkowych	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietulejkowych	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowych	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowymi	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowym	nietulejkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejkowym	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowym	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejkowy	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietulejkowy	nietulejkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietulejowościach	nietulejowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowościami	nietulejowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowością	nietulejowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowości	nietulejowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowości	nietulejowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowości	nietulejowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowości	nietulejowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowości	nietulejowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowościom	nietulejowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowość	nietulejowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowość	nietulejowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulejowa	nietulejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietulejową	nietulejowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietulejową	nietulejowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietulejowego	nietulejowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietulejowego	nietulejowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejowej	nietulejowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietulejowej	nietulejowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietulejowej	nietulejowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietulejowemu	nietulejowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejowe	nietulejowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejowe	nietulejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejowe	nietulejowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietulejowe	nietulejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietulejowi	nietulejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietulejowych	nietulejowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietulejowych	nietulejowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejowych	nietulejowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejowymi	nietulejowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejowym	nietulejowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulejowym	nietulejowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejowym	nietulejowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulejowy	nietulejowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietulejowy	nietulejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietulipanowościach	nietulipanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowościami	nietulipanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowością	nietulipanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowości	nietulipanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowości	nietulipanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowości	nietulipanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowości	nietulipanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowości	nietulipanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowościom	nietulipanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowość	nietulipanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowość	nietulipanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulipanowa	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietulipanową	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietulipanową	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietulipanowego	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietulipanowego	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulipanowej	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietulipanowej	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietulipanowej	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietulipanowemu	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulipanowe	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulipanowe	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulipanowe	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietulipanowe	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietulipanowi	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietulipanowych	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietulipanowych	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulipanowych	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulipanowymi	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulipanowym	nietulipanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulipanowym	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulipanowym	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulipanowy	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietulipanowy	nietulipanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuliszkowscy	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuliszkowska	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuliszkowską	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuliszkowską	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuliszkowskich	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuliszkowskich	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskich	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskiego	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuliszkowskiego	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskiej	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuliszkowskiej	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuliszkowskiej	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuliszkowskiemu	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskie	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskie	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskie	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuliszkowskie	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuliszkowskimi	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskim	nietuliszkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskim	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuliszkowskim	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuliszkowski	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuliszkowski	nietuliszkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuliszkowsko	nietuliszkowsko	adv:pos		
nietuliszkowskościach	nietuliszkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskościami	nietuliszkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskością	nietuliszkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskości	nietuliszkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskości	nietuliszkowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskości	nietuliszkowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskości	nietuliszkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskości	nietuliszkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskościom	nietuliszkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskość	nietuliszkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuliszkowskość	nietuliszkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońscy	nietuloński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietulońska	nietuloński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietulońską	nietuloński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietulońską	nietuloński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietulońskich	nietuloński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietulońskich	nietuloński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulońskich	nietuloński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulońskiego	nietuloński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietulońskiego	nietuloński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulońskiej	nietuloński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietulońskiej	nietuloński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietulońskiej	nietuloński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietulońskiemu	nietuloński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulońskie	nietuloński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulońskie	nietuloński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulońskie	nietuloński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietulońskie	nietuloński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietulońskimi	nietuloński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulońskim	nietuloński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulońskim	nietuloński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulońskim	nietuloński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuloński	nietuloński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuloński	nietuloński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietulońsko	nietulońsko	adv:pos		
nietulońskościach	nietulońskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskościami	nietulońskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskością	nietulońskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskości	nietulońskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskości	nietulońskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskości	nietulońskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskości	nietulońskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskości	nietulońskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskościom	nietulońskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskość	nietulońskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulońskość	nietulońskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulscy	nietulski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietulska	nietulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietulską	nietulski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietulską	nietulski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietulskich	nietulski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietulskich	nietulski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulskich	nietulski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulskiego	nietulski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietulskiego	nietulski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulskiej	nietulski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietulskiej	nietulski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietulskiej	nietulski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietulskiemu	nietulski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulskie	nietulski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulskie	nietulski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulskie	nietulski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietulskie	nietulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietulskimi	nietulski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulskim	nietulski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietulskim	nietulski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulskim	nietulski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietulski	nietulski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietulski	nietulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietulsko	nietulsko	adv:pos		
nietulskościach	nietulskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskościami	nietulskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskością	nietulskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskości	nietulskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskości	nietulskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskości	nietulskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskości	nietulskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskości	nietulskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskościom	nietulskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskość	nietulskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietulskość	nietulskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluscy	nietuluski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuluska	nietuluski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuluską	nietuluski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuluską	nietuluski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuluskich	nietuluski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuluskich	nietuluski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuluskich	nietuluski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuluskiego	nietuluski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuluskiego	nietuluski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuluskiej	nietuluski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuluskiej	nietuluski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuluskiej	nietuluski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuluskiemu	nietuluski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuluskie	nietuluski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuluskie	nietuluski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuluskie	nietuluski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuluskie	nietuluski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuluskimi	nietuluski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuluskim	nietuluski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuluskim	nietuluski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuluskim	nietuluski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuluski	nietuluski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuluski	nietuluski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietulusko	nietulusko	adv:pos		
nietuluskościach	nietuluskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskościami	nietuluskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskością	nietuluskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskości	nietuluskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskości	nietuluskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskości	nietuluskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskości	nietuluskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskości	nietuluskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskościom	nietuluskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskość	nietuluskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuluskość	nietuluskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaccy	nietułacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietułacka	nietułacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietułacką	nietułacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietułacką	nietułacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietułackich	nietułacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietułackich	nietułacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułackich	nietułacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułackiego	nietułacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietułackiego	nietułacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułackiej	nietułacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietułackiej	nietułacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietułackiej	nietułacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietułackiemu	nietułacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułackie	nietułacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułackie	nietułacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułackie	nietułacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietułackie	nietułacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietułackimi	nietułacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułackim	nietułacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułackim	nietułacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułackim	nietułacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułacki	nietułacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietułacki	nietułacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietułacko	nietułacko	adv:pos		
nietułackościach	nietułackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackościami	nietułackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackością	nietułackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackości	nietułackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackości	nietułackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackości	nietułackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackości	nietułackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackości	nietułackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackościom	nietułackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackość	nietułackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułackość	nietułackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczo	nietułaczo	adv:pos		
nietułaczościach	nietułaczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczościami	nietułaczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczością	nietułaczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczości	nietułaczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczości	nietułaczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczości	nietułaczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczości	nietułaczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczości	nietułaczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczościom	nietułaczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczość	nietułaczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułaczość	nietułaczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułacza	nietułaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietułaczą	nietułaczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietułaczą	nietułaczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietułaczego	nietułaczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietułaczego	nietułaczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułaczej	nietułaczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietułaczej	nietułaczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietułaczej	nietułaczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietułaczemu	nietułaczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułacze	nietułaczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułacze	nietułaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułacze	nietułaczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietułacze	nietułaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietułaczych	nietułaczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietułaczych	nietułaczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułaczych	nietułaczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułaczymi	nietułaczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułaczym	nietułaczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułaczym	nietułaczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułaczym	nietułaczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułaczy	nietułaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietułaczy	nietułaczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietułaczy	nietułaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietułowiccy	nietułowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietułowicka	nietułowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietułowicką	nietułowicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietułowicką	nietułowicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietułowickich	nietułowicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietułowickich	nietułowicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowickich	nietułowicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowickiego	nietułowicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietułowickiego	nietułowicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowickiej	nietułowicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietułowickiej	nietułowicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietułowickiej	nietułowicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietułowickiemu	nietułowicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowickie	nietułowicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowickie	nietułowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowickie	nietułowicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietułowickie	nietułowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietułowickimi	nietułowicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowickim	nietułowicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowickim	nietułowicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowickim	nietułowicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowicki	nietułowicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietułowicki	nietułowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietułowicko	nietułowicko	adv:pos		
nietułowickościach	nietułowickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickościami	nietułowickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickością	nietułowickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickości	nietułowickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickości	nietułowickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickości	nietułowickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickości	nietułowickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickości	nietułowickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickościom	nietułowickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickość	nietułowickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowickość	nietułowickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowościach	nietułowiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowościami	nietułowiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowością	nietułowiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowości	nietułowiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowości	nietułowiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowości	nietułowiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowości	nietułowiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowości	nietułowiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowościom	nietułowiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowość	nietułowiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowość	nietułowiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietułowiowa	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietułowiową	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietułowiową	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietułowiowego	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietułowiowego	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowiowej	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietułowiowej	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietułowiowej	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietułowiowemu	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowiowe	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowiowe	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowiowe	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietułowiowe	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietułowiowi	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietułowiowych	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietułowiowych	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowiowych	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowiowymi	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowiowym	nietułowiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietułowiowym	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowiowym	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietułowiowy	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietułowiowy	nietułowiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietumakowościach	nietumakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowościami	nietumakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowością	nietumakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowości	nietumakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowości	nietumakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowości	nietumakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowości	nietumakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowości	nietumakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowościom	nietumakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowość	nietumakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowość	nietumakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumakowa	nietumakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietumakową	nietumakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietumakową	nietumakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietumakowego	nietumakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietumakowego	nietumakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumakowej	nietumakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietumakowej	nietumakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietumakowej	nietumakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietumakowemu	nietumakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumakowe	nietumakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumakowe	nietumakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumakowe	nietumakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietumakowe	nietumakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietumakowi	nietumakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietumakowych	nietumakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietumakowych	nietumakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumakowych	nietumakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumakowymi	nietumakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumakowym	nietumakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumakowym	nietumakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumakowym	nietumakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumakowy	nietumakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietumakowy	nietumakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietumannościach	nietumanność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumannościami	nietumanność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumannością	nietumanność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanności	nietumanność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanności	nietumanność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanności	nietumanność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanności	nietumanność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanności	nietumanność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumannościom	nietumanność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanność	nietumanność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanność	nietumanność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanna	nietumanny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietumanną	nietumanny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietumanną	nietumanny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietumannego	nietumanny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietumannego	nietumanny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumannej	nietumanny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietumannej	nietumanny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietumannej	nietumanny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietumannemu	nietumanny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumanne	nietumanny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanne	nietumanny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanne	nietumanny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietumanne	nietumanny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietumanni	nietumanny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietumannych	nietumanny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietumannych	nietumanny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumannych	nietumanny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumannymi	nietumanny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumannym	nietumanny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumannym	nietumanny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumannym	nietumanny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumanny	nietumanny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietumanny	nietumanny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietumanowatościach	nietumanowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatościami	nietumanowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatością	nietumanowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatości	nietumanowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatości	nietumanowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatości	nietumanowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatości	nietumanowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatości	nietumanowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatościom	nietumanowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatość	nietumanowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowatość	nietumanowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumanowaci	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietumanowata	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietumanowatą	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietumanowatą	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietumanowatego	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietumanowatego	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumanowatej	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietumanowatej	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietumanowatej	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietumanowatemu	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumanowate	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanowate	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanowate	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietumanowate	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietumanowatych	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietumanowatych	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanowatych	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanowatymi	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanowatym	nietumanowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumanowatym	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumanowatym	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumanowaty	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietumanowaty	nietumanowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietumscy	nietumski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietumska	nietumski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietumską	nietumski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietumską	nietumski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietumskich	nietumski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietumskich	nietumski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumskich	nietumski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumskiego	nietumski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietumskiego	nietumski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumskiej	nietumski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietumskiej	nietumski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietumskiej	nietumski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietumskiemu	nietumski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumskie	nietumski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumskie	nietumski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumskie	nietumski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietumskie	nietumski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietumskimi	nietumski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumskim	nietumski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumskim	nietumski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumskim	nietumski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumski	nietumski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietumski	nietumski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietumsko	nietumsko	adv:pos		
nietumskościach	nietumskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskościami	nietumskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskością	nietumskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskości	nietumskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskości	nietumskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskości	nietumskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskości	nietumskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskości	nietumskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskościom	nietumskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskość	nietumskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumskość	nietumskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowościach	nietumultowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowościami	nietumultowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowością	nietumultowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowości	nietumultowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowości	nietumultowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowości	nietumultowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowości	nietumultowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowości	nietumultowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowościom	nietumultowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowość	nietumultowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowość	nietumultowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietumultowa	nietumultowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietumultową	nietumultowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietumultową	nietumultowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietumultowego	nietumultowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietumultowego	nietumultowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumultowej	nietumultowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietumultowej	nietumultowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietumultowej	nietumultowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietumultowemu	nietumultowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumultowe	nietumultowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumultowe	nietumultowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumultowe	nietumultowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietumultowe	nietumultowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietumultowi	nietumultowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietumultowych	nietumultowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietumultowych	nietumultowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumultowych	nietumultowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumultowymi	nietumultowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumultowym	nietumultowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietumultowym	nietumultowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumultowym	nietumultowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietumultowy	nietumultowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietumultowy	nietumultowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietundrowościach	nietundrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowościami	nietundrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowością	nietundrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowości	nietundrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowości	nietundrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowości	nietundrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowości	nietundrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowości	nietundrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowościom	nietundrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowość	nietundrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowość	nietundrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietundrowa	nietundrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietundrową	nietundrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietundrową	nietundrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietundrowego	nietundrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietundrowego	nietundrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietundrowej	nietundrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietundrowej	nietundrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietundrowej	nietundrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietundrowemu	nietundrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietundrowe	nietundrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietundrowe	nietundrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietundrowe	nietundrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietundrowe	nietundrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietundrowi	nietundrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietundrowych	nietundrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietundrowych	nietundrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietundrowych	nietundrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietundrowymi	nietundrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietundrowym	nietundrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietundrowym	nietundrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietundrowym	nietundrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietundrowy	nietundrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietundrowy	nietundrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietunelowościach	nietunelowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowościami	nietunelowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowością	nietunelowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowości	nietunelowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowości	nietunelowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowości	nietunelowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowości	nietunelowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowości	nietunelowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowościom	nietunelowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowość	nietunelowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowość	nietunelowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunelowa	nietunelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietunelową	nietunelowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietunelową	nietunelowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietunelowego	nietunelowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietunelowego	nietunelowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunelowej	nietunelowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietunelowej	nietunelowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietunelowej	nietunelowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietunelowemu	nietunelowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunelowe	nietunelowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunelowe	nietunelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunelowe	nietunelowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietunelowe	nietunelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietunelowi	nietunelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietunelowych	nietunelowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietunelowych	nietunelowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunelowych	nietunelowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunelowymi	nietunelowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunelowym	nietunelowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunelowym	nietunelowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunelowym	nietunelowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunelowy	nietunelowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietunelowy	nietunelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietunetańscy	nietunetański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietunetańska	nietunetański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietunetańską	nietunetański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietunetańską	nietunetański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietunetańskich	nietunetański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietunetańskich	nietunetański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunetańskich	nietunetański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunetańskiego	nietunetański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietunetańskiego	nietunetański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunetańskiej	nietunetański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietunetańskiej	nietunetański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietunetańskiej	nietunetański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietunetańskiemu	nietunetański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunetańskie	nietunetański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunetańskie	nietunetański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunetańskie	nietunetański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietunetańskie	nietunetański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietunetańskimi	nietunetański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunetańskim	nietunetański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunetańskim	nietunetański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunetańskim	nietunetański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunetański	nietunetański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietunetański	nietunetański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietunetańsko	nietunetańsko	adv:pos		
nietunetańskościach	nietunetańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskościami	nietunetańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskością	nietunetańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskości	nietunetańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskości	nietunetańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskości	nietunetańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskości	nietunetańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskości	nietunetańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskościom	nietunetańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskość	nietunetańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunetańskość	nietunetańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjscy	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietunezyjska	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietunezyjską	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietunezyjską	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietunezyjskich	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietunezyjskich	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunezyjskich	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunezyjskiego	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietunezyjskiego	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunezyjskiej	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietunezyjskiej	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietunezyjskiej	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietunezyjskiemu	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunezyjskie	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunezyjskie	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunezyjskie	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietunezyjskie	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietunezyjskimi	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunezyjskim	nietunezyjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunezyjskim	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunezyjskim	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunezyjski	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietunezyjski	nietunezyjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietunezyjsko	nietunezyjsko	adv:pos		
nietunezyjskościach	nietunezyjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskościami	nietunezyjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskością	nietunezyjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskości	nietunezyjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskości	nietunezyjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskości	nietunezyjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskości	nietunezyjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskości	nietunezyjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskościom	nietunezyjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskość	nietunezyjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunezyjskość	nietunezyjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowościach	nietungowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowościami	nietungowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowością	nietungowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowości	nietungowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowości	nietungowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowości	nietungowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowości	nietungowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowości	nietungowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowościom	nietungowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowość	nietungowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowość	nietungowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietungowa	nietungowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietungową	nietungowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietungową	nietungowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietungowego	nietungowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietungowego	nietungowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietungowej	nietungowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietungowej	nietungowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietungowej	nietungowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietungowemu	nietungowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietungowe	nietungowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietungowe	nietungowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietungowe	nietungowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietungowe	nietungowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietungowi	nietungowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietungowych	nietungowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietungowych	nietungowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietungowych	nietungowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietungowymi	nietungowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietungowym	nietungowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietungowym	nietungowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietungowym	nietungowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietungowy	nietungowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietungowy	nietungowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietunguscy	nietunguski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietunguska	nietunguski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietunguską	nietunguski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietunguską	nietunguski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietunguskich	nietunguski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietunguskich	nietunguski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunguskich	nietunguski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunguskiego	nietunguski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietunguskiego	nietunguski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunguskiej	nietunguski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietunguskiej	nietunguski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietunguskiej	nietunguski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietunguskiemu	nietunguski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunguskie	nietunguski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunguskie	nietunguski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunguskie	nietunguski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietunguskie	nietunguski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietunguskimi	nietunguski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunguskim	nietunguski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietunguskim	nietunguski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunguskim	nietunguski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietunguski	nietunguski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietunguski	nietunguski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietungusko	nietungusko	adv:pos		
nietunguskościach	nietunguskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskościami	nietunguskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskością	nietunguskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskości	nietunguskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskości	nietunguskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskości	nietunguskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskości	nietunguskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskości	nietunguskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskościom	nietunguskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskość	nietunguskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietunguskość	nietunguskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowościach	nietuningowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowościami	nietuningowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowością	nietuningowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowości	nietuningowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowości	nietuningowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowości	nietuningowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowości	nietuningowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowości	nietuningowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowościom	nietuningowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowość	nietuningowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowość	nietuningowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuningowa	nietuningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuningową	nietuningowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuningową	nietuningowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuningowego	nietuningowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuningowego	nietuningowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuningowej	nietuningowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuningowej	nietuningowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuningowej	nietuningowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuningowemu	nietuningowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuningowe	nietuningowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuningowe	nietuningowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuningowe	nietuningowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuningowe	nietuningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuningowi	nietuningowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuningowych	nietuningowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuningowych	nietuningowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuningowych	nietuningowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuningowymi	nietuningowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuningowym	nietuningowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuningowym	nietuningowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuningowym	nietuningowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuningowy	nietuningowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuningowy	nietuningowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuniscy	nietuniski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuniska	nietuniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuniską	nietuniski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuniską	nietuniski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuniskich	nietuniski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuniskich	nietuniski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuniskich	nietuniski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuniskiego	nietuniski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuniskiego	nietuniski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuniskiej	nietuniski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuniskiej	nietuniski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuniskiej	nietuniski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuniskiemu	nietuniski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuniskie	nietuniski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuniskie	nietuniski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuniskie	nietuniski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuniskie	nietuniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuniskimi	nietuniski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuniskim	nietuniski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuniskim	nietuniski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuniskim	nietuniski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuniski	nietuniski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuniski	nietuniski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietunisko	nietunisko	adv:pos		
nietuniskościach	nietuniskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskościami	nietuniskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskością	nietuniskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskości	nietuniskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskości	nietuniskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskości	nietuniskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskości	nietuniskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskości	nietuniskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskościom	nietuniskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskość	nietuniskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuniskość	nietuniskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarscy	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietupeciarska	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietupeciarską	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietupeciarską	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietupeciarskich	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietupeciarskich	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietupeciarskich	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietupeciarskiego	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietupeciarskiego	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietupeciarskiej	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietupeciarskiej	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietupeciarskiej	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietupeciarskiemu	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietupeciarskie	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietupeciarskie	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietupeciarskie	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietupeciarskie	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietupeciarskimi	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietupeciarskim	nietupeciarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietupeciarskim	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietupeciarskim	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietupeciarski	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietupeciarski	nietupeciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietupeciarsko	nietupeciarsko	adv:pos		
nietupeciarskościach	nietupeciarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskościami	nietupeciarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskością	nietupeciarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskości	nietupeciarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskości	nietupeciarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskości	nietupeciarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskości	nietupeciarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskości	nietupeciarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskościom	nietupeciarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskość	nietupeciarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupeciarskość	nietupeciarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietupliccy	nietuplicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuplicka	nietuplicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuplicką	nietuplicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuplicką	nietuplicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuplickich	nietuplicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuplickich	nietuplicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuplickich	nietuplicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuplickiego	nietuplicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuplickiego	nietuplicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuplickiej	nietuplicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuplickiej	nietuplicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuplickiej	nietuplicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuplickiemu	nietuplicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuplickie	nietuplicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuplickie	nietuplicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuplickie	nietuplicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuplickie	nietuplicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuplickimi	nietuplicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuplickim	nietuplicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuplickim	nietuplicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuplickim	nietuplicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuplicki	nietuplicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuplicki	nietuplicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuplicko	nietuplicko	adv:pos		
nietuplickościach	nietuplickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickościami	nietuplickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickością	nietuplickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickości	nietuplickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickości	nietuplickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickości	nietuplickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickości	nietuplickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickości	nietuplickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickościom	nietuplickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickość	nietuplickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuplickość	nietuplickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańscy	nieturański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturańska	nieturański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturańską	nieturański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturańską	nieturański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturańskich	nieturański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturańskich	nieturański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturańskich	nieturański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturańskiego	nieturański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturańskiego	nieturański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturańskiej	nieturański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturańskiej	nieturański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturańskiej	nieturański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturańskiemu	nieturański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturańskie	nieturański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturańskie	nieturański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturańskie	nieturański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturańskie	nieturański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturańskimi	nieturański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturańskim	nieturański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturańskim	nieturański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturańskim	nieturański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturański	nieturański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturański	nieturański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturańsko	nieturańsko	adv:pos		
nieturańskościach	nieturańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskościami	nieturańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskością	nieturańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskości	nieturańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskości	nieturańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskości	nieturańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskości	nieturańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskości	nieturańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskościom	nieturańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskość	nieturańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturańskość	nieturańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawscy	nieturawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturawska	nieturawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturawską	nieturawski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturawską	nieturawski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturawskich	nieturawski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturawskich	nieturawski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturawskich	nieturawski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturawskiego	nieturawski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturawskiego	nieturawski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturawskiej	nieturawski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturawskiej	nieturawski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturawskiej	nieturawski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturawskiemu	nieturawski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturawskie	nieturawski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturawskie	nieturawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturawskie	nieturawski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturawskie	nieturawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturawskimi	nieturawski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturawskim	nieturawski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturawskim	nieturawski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturawskim	nieturawski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturawski	nieturawski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturawski	nieturawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturawsko	nieturawsko	adv:pos		
nieturawskościach	nieturawskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskościami	nieturawskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskością	nieturawskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskości	nieturawskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskości	nieturawskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskości	nieturawskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskości	nieturawskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskości	nieturawskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskościom	nieturawskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskość	nieturawskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturawskość	nieturawskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowościach	nieturbinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowościami	nieturbinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowością	nieturbinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowości	nieturbinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowości	nieturbinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowości	nieturbinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowości	nieturbinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowości	nieturbinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowościom	nieturbinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowość	nieturbinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowość	nieturbinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbinowa	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturbinową	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturbinową	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturbinowego	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturbinowego	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbinowej	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturbinowej	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturbinowej	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturbinowemu	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbinowe	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbinowe	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbinowe	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturbinowe	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturbinowi	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturbinowych	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturbinowych	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbinowych	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbinowymi	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbinowym	nieturbinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbinowym	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbinowym	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbinowy	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturbinowy	nieturbinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturbodoładowanościach	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowanościami	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowanością	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowaności	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowaności	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowaności	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowaności	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowaności	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowanościom	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowaność	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowaność	nieturbodoładowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbodoładowana	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturbodoładowaną	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturbodoładowaną	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturbodoładowanego	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturbodoładowanego	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowanej	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturbodoładowanej	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturbodoładowanej	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturbodoładowanemu	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowane	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowane	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowane	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturbodoładowane	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturbodoładowani	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturbodoładowanych	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturbodoładowanych	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowanych	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowanymi	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowanym	nieturbodoładowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowanym	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowanym	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbodoładowany	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturbodoładowany	nieturbodoładowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturboodrzutowościach	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowościami	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowością	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowości	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowości	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowości	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowości	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowości	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowościom	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowość	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowość	nieturboodrzutowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturboodrzutowa	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturboodrzutową	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturboodrzutową	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturboodrzutowego	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturboodrzutowego	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowej	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturboodrzutowej	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturboodrzutowej	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturboodrzutowemu	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowe	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowe	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowe	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowe	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowi	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturboodrzutowych	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturboodrzutowych	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowych	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowymi	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowym	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowym	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowym	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturboodrzutowy	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturboodrzutowy	nieturboodrzutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturbospalinowościach	nieturbospalinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowościami	nieturbospalinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowością	nieturbospalinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowości	nieturbospalinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowości	nieturbospalinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowości	nieturbospalinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowości	nieturbospalinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowości	nieturbospalinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowościom	nieturbospalinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowość	nieturbospalinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowość	nieturbospalinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbospalinowa	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturbospalinową	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturbospalinową	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturbospalinowego	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturbospalinowego	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowej	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturbospalinowej	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturbospalinowej	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturbospalinowemu	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowe	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowe	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowe	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturbospalinowe	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturbospalinowi	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturbospalinowych	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturbospalinowych	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowych	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowymi	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowym	nieturbospalinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowym	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowym	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbospalinowy	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturbospalinowy	nieturbospalinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowościach	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowościami	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowością	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowości	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowości	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowości	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowości	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowości	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowościom	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowość	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowość	nieturbosprężarkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbosprężarkowa	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturbosprężarkową	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturbosprężarkową	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowego	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowego	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowej	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowej	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowej	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowemu	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowe	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowe	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowe	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowe	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowi	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowych	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowych	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowych	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowymi	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowym	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowym	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowym	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowy	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturbosprężarkowy	nieturbosprężarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturbośmigłowościach	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowościami	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowością	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowości	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowości	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowości	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowości	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowości	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowościom	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowość	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowość	nieturbośmigłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbośmigłowa	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturbośmigłową	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturbośmigłową	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturbośmigłowego	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturbośmigłowego	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowej	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturbośmigłowej	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturbośmigłowej	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturbośmigłowemu	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowe	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowe	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowe	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowe	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowi	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturbośmigłowych	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturbośmigłowych	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowych	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowymi	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowym	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowym	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowym	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbośmigłowy	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturbośmigłowy	nieturbośmigłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowościach	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowościami	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowością	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowości	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowości	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowości	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowości	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowości	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowościom	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowość	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowość	nieturbowentylatorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbowentylatorowa	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturbowentylatorową	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturbowentylatorową	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowego	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowego	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowej	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowej	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowej	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowemu	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowe	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowe	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowe	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowe	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowi	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowych	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowych	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowych	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowymi	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowym	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowym	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowym	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowy	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturbowentylatorowy	nieturbowentylatorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturbulentnościach	nieturbulentność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentnościami	nieturbulentność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentnością	nieturbulentność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentności	nieturbulentność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentności	nieturbulentność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentności	nieturbulentność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentności	nieturbulentność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentności	nieturbulentność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentnościom	nieturbulentność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentność	nieturbulentność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentność	nieturbulentność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturbulentna	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturbulentną	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturbulentną	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturbulentnego	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturbulentnego	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbulentnej	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturbulentnej	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturbulentnej	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturbulentnemu	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbulentne	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbulentne	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbulentne	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturbulentne	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturbulentni	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturbulentnych	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturbulentnych	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbulentnych	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbulentnymi	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbulentnym	nieturbulentny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturbulentnym	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbulentnym	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturbulentny	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturbulentny	nieturbulentny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturczościach	nieturczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczościami	nieturczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczością	nieturczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczości	nieturczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczości	nieturczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczości	nieturczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczości	nieturczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczości	nieturczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczościom	nieturczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczość	nieturczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturczość	nieturczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturcza	nieturczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturczą	nieturczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturczą	nieturczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturczego	nieturczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturczego	nieturczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturczej	nieturczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturczej	nieturczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturczej	nieturczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturczemu	nieturczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturcze	nieturczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturcze	nieturczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturcze	nieturczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturcze	nieturczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturczych	nieturczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturczych	nieturczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturczych	nieturczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturczymi	nieturczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturczym	nieturczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturczym	nieturczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturczym	nieturczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturczy	nieturczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturczy	nieturczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturczy	nieturczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietureccy	nieturecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturecka	nieturecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturecką	nieturecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturecką	nieturecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietureckich	nieturecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietureckich	nieturecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietureckich	nieturecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietureckiego	nieturecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietureckiego	nieturecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietureckiej	nieturecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietureckiej	nieturecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietureckiej	nieturecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietureckiemu	nieturecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietureckie	nieturecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietureckie	nieturecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietureckie	nieturecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietureckie	nieturecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietureckimi	nieturecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietureckim	nieturecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietureckim	nieturecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietureckim	nieturecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturecki	nieturecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturecki	nieturecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturecko	nieturecko	adv:pos		
nietureckościach	nietureckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckościami	nietureckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckością	nietureckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckości	nietureckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckości	nietureckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckości	nietureckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckości	nietureckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckości	nietureckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckościom	nietureckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckość	nietureckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietureckość	nietureckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowscy	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturgieniewowska	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturgieniewowską	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturgieniewowską	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturgieniewowskich	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturgieniewowskich	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskich	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskiego	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturgieniewowskiego	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskiej	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturgieniewowskiej	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturgieniewowskiej	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturgieniewowskiemu	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskie	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskie	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskie	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskie	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskimi	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskim	nieturgieniewowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskim	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowskim	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturgieniewowski	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturgieniewowski	nieturgieniewowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturgieniewowsko	nieturgieniewowsko	adv:pos		
nieturgieniewowskościach	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskościami	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskością	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskości	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskości	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskości	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskości	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskości	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskościom	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskość	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturgieniewowskość	nieturgieniewowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczościach	nieturkawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczościami	nieturkawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczością	nieturkawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczości	nieturkawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczości	nieturkawczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczości	nieturkawczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczości	nieturkawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczości	nieturkawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczościom	nieturkawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczość	nieturkawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawczość	nieturkawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkawcza	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkawczą	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkawczą	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkawczego	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkawczego	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkawczej	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkawczej	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkawczej	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkawczemu	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkawcze	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkawcze	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkawcze	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkawcze	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkawczych	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkawczych	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkawczych	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkawczymi	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkawczym	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkawczym	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkawczym	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkawczy	nieturkawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkawczy	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkawczy	nieturkawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturkiestańscy	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkiestańska	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkiestańską	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkiestańską	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkiestańskich	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkiestańskich	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskich	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskiego	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkiestańskiego	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskiej	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkiestańskiej	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkiestańskiej	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkiestańskiemu	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskie	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskie	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskie	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkiestańskie	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkiestańskimi	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskim	nieturkiestański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskim	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkiestańskim	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkiestański	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkiestański	nieturkiestański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturkiestańsko	nieturkiestańsko	adv:pos		
nieturkiestańskościach	nieturkiestańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskościami	nieturkiestańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskością	nieturkiestańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskości	nieturkiestańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskości	nieturkiestańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskości	nieturkiestańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskości	nieturkiestańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskości	nieturkiestańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskościom	nieturkiestańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskość	nieturkiestańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkiestańskość	nieturkiestańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijscy	nieturkijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkijska	nieturkijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkijską	nieturkijski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkijską	nieturkijski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkijskich	nieturkijski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkijskich	nieturkijski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkijskich	nieturkijski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkijskiego	nieturkijski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkijskiego	nieturkijski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkijskiej	nieturkijski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkijskiej	nieturkijski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkijskiej	nieturkijski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkijskiemu	nieturkijski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkijskie	nieturkijski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkijskie	nieturkijski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkijskie	nieturkijski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkijskie	nieturkijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkijskimi	nieturkijski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkijskim	nieturkijski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkijskim	nieturkijski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkijskim	nieturkijski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkijski	nieturkijski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkijski	nieturkijski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturkijskościach	nieturkijskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskościami	nieturkijskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskością	nieturkijskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskości	nieturkijskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskości	nieturkijskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskości	nieturkijskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskości	nieturkijskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskości	nieturkijskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskościom	nieturkijskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskość	nieturkijskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkijskość	nieturkijskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńscy	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkmeńska	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkmeńską	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkmeńską	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkmeńskich	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkmeńskich	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskich	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskiego	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkmeńskiego	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskiej	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkmeńskiej	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkmeńskiej	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkmeńskiemu	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskie	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskie	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskie	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkmeńskie	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkmeńskimi	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskim	nieturkmeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskim	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkmeńskim	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkmeński	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkmeński	nieturkmeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturkmeńsko	nieturkmeńsko	adv:pos		
nieturkmeńskościach	nieturkmeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskościami	nieturkmeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskością	nieturkmeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskości	nieturkmeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskości	nieturkmeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskości	nieturkmeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskości	nieturkmeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskości	nieturkmeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskościom	nieturkmeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskość	nieturkmeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkmeńskość	nieturkmeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkologiczna	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkologiczną	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkologiczną	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkologicznego	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkologicznego	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkologicznej	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkologicznej	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkologicznej	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkologicznemu	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkologiczne	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkologiczne	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkologiczne	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkologiczne	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkologiczni	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkologicznych	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkologicznych	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkologicznych	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkologicznymi	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkologicznym	nieturkologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkologicznym	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkologicznym	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkologiczny	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkologiczny	nieturkologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturkotliwościach	nieturkotliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwościami	nieturkotliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwością	nieturkotliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwości	nieturkotliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwości	nieturkotliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwości	nieturkotliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwości	nieturkotliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwości	nieturkotliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwościom	nieturkotliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwość	nieturkotliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwość	nieturkotliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkotliwa	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkotliwą	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkotliwą	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkotliwego	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkotliwego	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkotliwej	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkotliwej	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkotliwej	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkotliwemu	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkotliwe	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkotliwe	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkotliwe	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkotliwe	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkotliwi	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkotliwych	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkotliwych	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkotliwych	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkotliwymi	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkotliwym	nieturkotliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkotliwym	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkotliwym	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkotliwy	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkotliwy	nieturkotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturkusowo	nieturkusowo	adv:pos		
nieturkusowoniebiescy	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieska	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieską	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieską	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskich	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskich	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskich	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskiego	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskiego	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskiej	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskiej	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskiej	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskiemu	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskie	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskie	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskie	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskie	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskimi	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskim	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskim	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskim	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieski	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieski	nieturkusowoniebieski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturkusowoniebiesko	nieturkusowoniebiesko	adv:pos		
nieturkusowoniebieskościach	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskościami	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskością	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskości	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskości	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskości	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskości	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskości	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskościom	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskość	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowoniebieskość	nieturkusowoniebieskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowościach	nieturkusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowościami	nieturkusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowością	nieturkusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowości	nieturkusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowości	nieturkusowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowości	nieturkusowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowości	nieturkusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowości	nieturkusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowościom	nieturkusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowość	nieturkusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowość	nieturkusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturkusowa	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturkusową	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturkusową	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturkusowego	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturkusowego	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowej	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturkusowej	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturkusowej	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturkusowemu	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowe	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowe	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowe	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturkusowe	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturkusowi	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturkusowych	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturkusowych	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowych	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowymi	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowym	nieturkusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturkusowym	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowym	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturkusowy	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturkusowy	nieturkusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturmalinowościach	nieturmalinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowościami	nieturmalinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowością	nieturmalinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowości	nieturmalinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowości	nieturmalinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowości	nieturmalinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowości	nieturmalinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowości	nieturmalinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowościom	nieturmalinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowość	nieturmalinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowość	nieturmalinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturmalinowa	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturmalinową	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturmalinową	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturmalinowego	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturmalinowego	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturmalinowej	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturmalinowej	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturmalinowej	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturmalinowemu	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturmalinowe	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturmalinowe	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturmalinowe	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturmalinowe	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturmalinowi	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturmalinowych	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturmalinowych	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturmalinowych	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturmalinowymi	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturmalinowym	nieturmalinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturmalinowym	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturmalinowym	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturmalinowy	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturmalinowy	nieturmalinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturniejowościach	nieturniejowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowościami	nieturniejowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowością	nieturniejowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowości	nieturniejowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowości	nieturniejowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowości	nieturniejowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowości	nieturniejowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowości	nieturniejowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowościom	nieturniejowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowość	nieturniejowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowość	nieturniejowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniejowa	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturniejową	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturniejową	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturniejowego	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturniejowego	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniejowej	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturniejowej	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturniejowej	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturniejowemu	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniejowe	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniejowe	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniejowe	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturniejowe	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturniejowi	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturniejowych	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturniejowych	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniejowych	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniejowymi	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniejowym	nieturniejowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniejowym	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniejowym	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniejowy	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturniejowy	nieturniejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturniowościach	nieturniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowościami	nieturniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowością	nieturniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowości	nieturniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowości	nieturniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowości	nieturniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowości	nieturniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowości	nieturniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowościom	nieturniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowość	nieturniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowość	nieturniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniowa	nieturniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturniową	nieturniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturniową	nieturniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturniowego	nieturniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturniowego	nieturniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniowej	nieturniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturniowej	nieturniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturniowej	nieturniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturniowemu	nieturniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniowe	nieturniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniowe	nieturniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniowe	nieturniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturniowe	nieturniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturniowi	nieturniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturniowych	nieturniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturniowych	nieturniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniowych	nieturniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniowymi	nieturniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniowym	nieturniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniowym	nieturniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniowym	nieturniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniowy	nieturniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturniowy	nieturniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturniurowościach	nieturniurowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowościami	nieturniurowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowością	nieturniurowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowości	nieturniurowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowości	nieturniurowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowości	nieturniurowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowości	nieturniurowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowości	nieturniurowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowościom	nieturniurowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowość	nieturniurowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowość	nieturniurowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturniurowa	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturniurową	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturniurową	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturniurowego	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturniurowego	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniurowej	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturniurowej	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturniurowej	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturniurowemu	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniurowe	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniurowe	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniurowe	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturniurowe	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturniurowi	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturniurowych	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturniurowych	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniurowych	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniurowymi	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniurowym	nieturniurowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturniurowym	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniurowym	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturniurowy	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturniurowy	nieturniurowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturnusowościach	nieturnusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowościami	nieturnusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowością	nieturnusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowości	nieturnusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowości	nieturnusowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowości	nieturnusowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowości	nieturnusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowości	nieturnusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowościom	nieturnusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowość	nieturnusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowość	nieturnusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturnusowa	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturnusową	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturnusową	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturnusowego	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturnusowego	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturnusowej	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturnusowej	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturnusowej	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturnusowemu	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturnusowe	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturnusowe	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturnusowe	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturnusowe	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturnusowi	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturnusowych	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturnusowych	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturnusowych	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturnusowymi	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturnusowym	nieturnusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturnusowym	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturnusowym	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturnusowy	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturnusowy	nieturnusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturobińscy	nieturobiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturobińska	nieturobiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturobińską	nieturobiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturobińską	nieturobiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturobińskich	nieturobiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturobińskich	nieturobiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturobińskich	nieturobiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturobińskiego	nieturobiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturobińskiego	nieturobiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturobińskiej	nieturobiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturobińskiej	nieturobiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturobińskiej	nieturobiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturobińskiemu	nieturobiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturobińskie	nieturobiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturobińskie	nieturobiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturobińskie	nieturobiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturobińskie	nieturobiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturobińskimi	nieturobiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturobińskim	nieturobiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturobińskim	nieturobiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturobińskim	nieturobiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturobiński	nieturobiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturobiński	nieturobiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturobińsko	nieturobińsko	adv:pos		
nieturobińskościach	nieturobińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskościami	nieturobińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskością	nieturobińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskości	nieturobińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskości	nieturobińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskości	nieturobińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskości	nieturobińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskości	nieturobińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskościom	nieturobińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskość	nieturobińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturobińskość	nieturobińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńscy	nieturosieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturosieńska	nieturosieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturosieńską	nieturosieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturosieńską	nieturosieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturosieńskich	nieturosieński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturosieńskich	nieturosieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturosieńskich	nieturosieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturosieńskiego	nieturosieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturosieńskiego	nieturosieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturosieńskiej	nieturosieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturosieńskiej	nieturosieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturosieńskiej	nieturosieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturosieńskiemu	nieturosieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturosieńskie	nieturosieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturosieńskie	nieturosieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturosieńskie	nieturosieński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturosieńskie	nieturosieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturosieńskimi	nieturosieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturosieńskim	nieturosieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturosieńskim	nieturosieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturosieńskim	nieturosieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturosieński	nieturosieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturosieński	nieturosieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturosieńsko	nieturosieńsko	adv:pos		
nieturosieńskościach	nieturosieńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskościami	nieturosieńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskością	nieturosieńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskości	nieturosieńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskości	nieturosieńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskości	nieturosieńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskości	nieturosieńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskości	nieturosieńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskościom	nieturosieńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskość	nieturosieńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturosieńskość	nieturosieńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoscy	nieturoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturoska	nieturoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturoską	nieturoski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturoską	nieturoski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturoskich	nieturoski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturoskich	nieturoski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoskich	nieturoski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoskiego	nieturoski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturoskiego	nieturoski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoskiej	nieturoski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturoskiej	nieturoski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturoskiej	nieturoski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturoskiemu	nieturoski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoskie	nieturoski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoskie	nieturoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoskie	nieturoski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturoskie	nieturoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturoskimi	nieturoski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoskim	nieturoski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoskim	nieturoski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoskim	nieturoski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoski	nieturoski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturoski	nieturoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturosko	nieturosko	adv:pos		
nieturoskościach	nieturoskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskościami	nieturoskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskością	nieturoskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskości	nieturoskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskości	nieturoskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskości	nieturoskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskości	nieturoskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskości	nieturoskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskościom	nieturoskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskość	nieturoskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoskość	nieturoskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowscy	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturoszowska	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturoszowską	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturoszowską	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturoszowskich	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturoszowskich	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoszowskich	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoszowskiego	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturoszowskiego	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoszowskiej	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturoszowskiej	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturoszowskiej	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturoszowskiemu	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoszowskie	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoszowskie	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoszowskie	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturoszowskie	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturoszowskimi	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoszowskim	nieturoszowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturoszowskim	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoszowskim	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturoszowski	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturoszowski	nieturoszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturoszowsko	nieturoszowsko	adv:pos		
nieturoszowskościach	nieturoszowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskościami	nieturoszowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskością	nieturoszowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskości	nieturoszowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskości	nieturoszowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskości	nieturoszowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskości	nieturoszowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskości	nieturoszowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskościom	nieturoszowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskość	nieturoszowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturoszowskość	nieturoszowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowo	nieturowo	adv:pos		
nieturowościach	nieturowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowościami	nieturowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowością	nieturowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowości	nieturowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowości	nieturowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowości	nieturowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowości	nieturowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowości	nieturowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowościom	nieturowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowość	nieturowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowość	nieturowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturowa	nieturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturową	nieturowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturową	nieturowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturowego	nieturowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturowego	nieturowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturowej	nieturowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturowej	nieturowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturowej	nieturowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturowemu	nieturowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturowe	nieturowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturowe	nieturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturowe	nieturowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturowe	nieturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturowi	nieturowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturowych	nieturowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturowych	nieturowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturowych	nieturowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturowymi	nieturowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturowym	nieturowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturowym	nieturowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturowym	nieturowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturowy	nieturowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturowy	nieturowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturpistycznościach	nieturpistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistycznościami	nieturpistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistycznością	nieturpistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczności	nieturpistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczności	nieturpistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczności	nieturpistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczności	nieturpistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczności	nieturpistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistycznościom	nieturpistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczność	nieturpistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczność	nieturpistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturpistyczna	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturpistyczną	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturpistyczną	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturpistycznego	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturpistycznego	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturpistycznej	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturpistycznej	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturpistycznej	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturpistycznemu	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturpistyczne	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturpistyczne	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturpistyczne	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturpistyczne	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturpistyczni	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturpistycznych	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturpistycznych	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturpistycznych	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturpistycznymi	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturpistycznym	nieturpistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturpistycznym	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturpistycznym	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturpistyczny	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturpistyczny	nieturpistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturyngeńscy	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturyngeńska	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturyngeńską	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturyngeńską	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturyngeńskich	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturyngeńskich	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskich	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskiego	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturyngeńskiego	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskiej	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturyngeńskiej	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturyngeńskiej	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturyngeńskiemu	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskie	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskie	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskie	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturyngeńskie	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturyngeńskimi	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskim	nieturyngeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskim	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyngeńskim	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyngeński	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturyngeński	nieturyngeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturyngeńsko	nieturyngeńsko	adv:pos		
nieturyngeńskościach	nieturyngeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskościami	nieturyngeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskością	nieturyngeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskości	nieturyngeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskości	nieturyngeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskości	nieturyngeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskości	nieturyngeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskości	nieturyngeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskościom	nieturyngeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskość	nieturyngeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyngeńskość	nieturyngeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńscy	nieturyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturyńska	nieturyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturyńską	nieturyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturyńską	nieturyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturyńskich	nieturyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturyńskich	nieturyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyńskich	nieturyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyńskiego	nieturyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturyńskiego	nieturyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyńskiej	nieturyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturyńskiej	nieturyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturyńskiej	nieturyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturyńskiemu	nieturyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyńskie	nieturyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyńskie	nieturyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyńskie	nieturyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturyńskie	nieturyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturyńskimi	nieturyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyńskim	nieturyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturyńskim	nieturyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyńskim	nieturyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturyński	nieturyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturyński	nieturyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturyńsko	nieturyńsko	adv:pos		
nieturyńskościach	nieturyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskościami	nieturyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskością	nieturyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskości	nieturyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskości	nieturyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskości	nieturyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskości	nieturyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskości	nieturyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskościom	nieturyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskość	nieturyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturyńskość	nieturyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystycznie	nieturystycznie	adv:pos		
nieturystycznościach	nieturystyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystycznościami	nieturystyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystycznością	nieturystyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczności	nieturystyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczności	nieturystyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczności	nieturystyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczności	nieturystyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczności	nieturystyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystycznościom	nieturystyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczność	nieturystyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczność	nieturystyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturystyczna	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturystyczną	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturystyczną	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturystycznego	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturystycznego	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturystycznej	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturystycznej	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturystycznej	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturystycznemu	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturystyczne	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturystyczne	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturystyczne	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturystyczne	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturystyczni	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturystycznych	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturystycznych	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturystycznych	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturystycznymi	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturystycznym	nieturystyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturystycznym	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturystycznym	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturystyczny	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturystyczny	nieturystyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturzościach	nieturzość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzościami	nieturzość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzością	nieturzość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzości	nieturzość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzości	nieturzość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzości	nieturzość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzości	nieturzość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzości	nieturzość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzościom	nieturzość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzość	nieturzość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzość	nieturzość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturza	nieturzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturzą	nieturzy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturzą	nieturzy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturzego	nieturzy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturzego	nieturzy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzej	nieturzy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturzej	nieturzy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturzej	nieturzy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturzemu	nieturzy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturze	nieturzy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturze	nieturzy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturze	nieturzy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturze	nieturzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturzych	nieturzy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturzych	nieturzy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzych	nieturzy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzymi	nieturzy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzym	nieturzy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzym	nieturzy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzym	nieturzy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzy	nieturzy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturzy	nieturzy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturzy	nieturzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturzycowatościach	nieturzycowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatościami	nieturzycowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatością	nieturzycowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatości	nieturzycowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatości	nieturzycowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatości	nieturzycowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatości	nieturzycowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatości	nieturzycowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatościom	nieturzycowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatość	nieturzycowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowatość	nieturzycowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowaci	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturzycowata	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturzycowatą	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturzycowatą	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturzycowatego	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturzycowatego	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowatej	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturzycowatej	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturzycowatej	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturzycowatemu	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowate	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowate	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowate	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturzycowate	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturzycowatych	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturzycowatych	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowatych	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowatymi	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowatym	nieturzycowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowatym	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowatym	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowaty	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturzycowaty	nieturzycowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieturzycowościach	nieturzycowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowościami	nieturzycowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowością	nieturzycowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowości	nieturzycowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowości	nieturzycowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowości	nieturzycowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowości	nieturzycowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowości	nieturzycowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowościom	nieturzycowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowość	nieturzycowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowość	nieturzycowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieturzycowa	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieturzycową	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieturzycową	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieturzycowego	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieturzycowego	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowej	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieturzycowej	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieturzycowej	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieturzycowemu	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowe	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowe	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowe	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieturzycowe	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieturzycowi	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieturzycowych	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieturzycowych	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowych	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowymi	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowym	nieturzycowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieturzycowym	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowym	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieturzycowy	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieturzycowy	nieturzycowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuskulańscy	nietuskulański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuskulańska	nietuskulański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuskulańską	nietuskulański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuskulańską	nietuskulański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuskulańskich	nietuskulański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuskulańskich	nietuskulański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuskulańskich	nietuskulański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuskulańskiego	nietuskulański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuskulańskiego	nietuskulański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuskulańskiej	nietuskulański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuskulańskiej	nietuskulański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuskulańskiej	nietuskulański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuskulańskiemu	nietuskulański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuskulańskie	nietuskulański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuskulańskie	nietuskulański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuskulańskie	nietuskulański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuskulańskie	nietuskulański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuskulańskimi	nietuskulański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuskulańskim	nietuskulański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuskulańskim	nietuskulański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuskulańskim	nietuskulański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuskulański	nietuskulański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuskulański	nietuskulański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuskulańsko	nietuskulańsko	adv:pos		
nietuskulańskościach	nietuskulańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskościami	nietuskulańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskością	nietuskulańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskości	nietuskulańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskości	nietuskulańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskości	nietuskulańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskości	nietuskulańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskości	nietuskulańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskościom	nietuskulańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskość	nietuskulańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuskulańskość	nietuskulańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowościach	nietuszowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowościami	nietuszowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowością	nietuszowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowości	nietuszowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowości	nietuszowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowości	nietuszowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowości	nietuszowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowości	nietuszowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowościom	nietuszowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowość	nietuszowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowość	nietuszowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowscy	nietuszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuszowska	nietuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuszowską	nietuszowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuszowską	nietuszowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuszowskich	nietuszowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuszowskich	nietuszowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowskich	nietuszowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowskiego	nietuszowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuszowskiego	nietuszowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowskiej	nietuszowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuszowskiej	nietuszowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuszowskiej	nietuszowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuszowskiemu	nietuszowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowskie	nietuszowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowskie	nietuszowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowskie	nietuszowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuszowskie	nietuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuszowskimi	nietuszowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowskim	nietuszowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowskim	nietuszowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowskim	nietuszowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowski	nietuszowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuszowski	nietuszowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuszowsko	nietuszowsko	adv:pos		
nietuszowskościach	nietuszowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskościami	nietuszowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskością	nietuszowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskości	nietuszowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskości	nietuszowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskości	nietuszowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskości	nietuszowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskości	nietuszowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskościom	nietuszowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskość	nietuszowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowskość	nietuszowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszowa	nietuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuszową	nietuszowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuszową	nietuszowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuszowego	nietuszowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuszowego	nietuszowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowej	nietuszowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuszowej	nietuszowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuszowej	nietuszowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuszowemu	nietuszowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowe	nietuszowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowe	nietuszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowe	nietuszowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuszowe	nietuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuszowi	nietuszowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuszowych	nietuszowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuszowych	nietuszowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowych	nietuszowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowymi	nietuszowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowym	nietuszowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszowym	nietuszowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowym	nietuszowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszowy	nietuszowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuszowy	nietuszowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuszyńscy	nietuszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuszyńska	nietuszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuszyńską	nietuszyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuszyńską	nietuszyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuszyńskich	nietuszyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuszyńskich	nietuszyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszyńskich	nietuszyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszyńskiego	nietuszyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuszyńskiego	nietuszyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszyńskiej	nietuszyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuszyńskiej	nietuszyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuszyńskiej	nietuszyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuszyńskiemu	nietuszyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszyńskie	nietuszyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszyńskie	nietuszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszyńskie	nietuszyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuszyńskie	nietuszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuszyńskimi	nietuszyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszyńskim	nietuszyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuszyńskim	nietuszyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszyńskim	nietuszyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuszyński	nietuszyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuszyński	nietuszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuszyńsko	nietuszyńsko	adv:pos		
nietuszyńskościach	nietuszyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskościami	nietuszyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskością	nietuszyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskości	nietuszyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskości	nietuszyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskości	nietuszyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskości	nietuszyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskości	nietuszyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskościom	nietuszyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskość	nietuszyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuszyńskość	nietuszyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutecznościach	nietuteczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutecznościami	nietuteczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutecznością	nietuteczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczności	nietuteczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczności	nietuteczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczności	nietuteczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczności	nietuteczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczności	nietuteczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutecznościom	nietuteczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczność	nietuteczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczność	nietuteczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuteczna	nietuteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuteczną	nietuteczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuteczną	nietuteczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietutecznego	nietuteczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietutecznego	nietuteczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutecznej	nietuteczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietutecznej	nietuteczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietutecznej	nietuteczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietutecznemu	nietuteczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuteczne	nietuteczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuteczne	nietuteczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuteczne	nietuteczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuteczne	nietuteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuteczni	nietuteczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietutecznych	nietuteczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietutecznych	nietuteczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutecznych	nietuteczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutecznymi	nietuteczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutecznym	nietuteczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutecznym	nietuteczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutecznym	nietuteczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuteczny	nietuteczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuteczny	nietuteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietutejszokrajowościach	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowościami	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowością	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowości	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowości	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowości	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowości	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowości	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowościom	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowość	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowość	nietutejszokrajowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszokrajowa	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietutejszokrajową	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietutejszokrajową	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietutejszokrajowego	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietutejszokrajowego	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowej	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietutejszokrajowej	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietutejszokrajowej	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietutejszokrajowemu	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowe	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowe	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowe	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowe	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowi	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietutejszokrajowych	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietutejszokrajowych	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowych	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowymi	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowym	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowym	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowym	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejszokrajowy	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietutejszokrajowy	nietutejszokrajowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietutejszościach	nietutejszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszościami	nietutejszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszością	nietutejszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszości	nietutejszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszości	nietutejszość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszości	nietutejszość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszości	nietutejszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszości	nietutejszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszościom	nietutejszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszość	nietutejszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejszość	nietutejszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutejsi	nietutejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietutejsza	nietutejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietutejszą	nietutejszy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietutejszą	nietutejszy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietutejszego	nietutejszy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietutejszego	nietutejszy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejszej	nietutejszy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietutejszej	nietutejszy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietutejszej	nietutejszy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietutejszemu	nietutejszy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejsze	nietutejszy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejsze	nietutejszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejsze	nietutejszy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietutejsze	nietutejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietutejszych	nietutejszy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietutejszych	nietutejszy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszych	nietutejszy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszymi	nietutejszy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszym	nietutejszy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutejszym	nietutejszy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejszym	nietutejszy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutejszy	nietutejszy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietutejszy	nietutejszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietutorscy	nietutorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietutorska	nietutorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietutorską	nietutorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietutorską	nietutorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietutorskich	nietutorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietutorskich	nietutorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutorskich	nietutorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutorskiego	nietutorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietutorskiego	nietutorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutorskiej	nietutorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietutorskiej	nietutorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietutorskiej	nietutorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietutorskiemu	nietutorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutorskie	nietutorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutorskie	nietutorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutorskie	nietutorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietutorskie	nietutorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietutorskimi	nietutorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutorskim	nietutorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietutorskim	nietutorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutorskim	nietutorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietutorski	nietutorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietutorski	nietutorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietutorsko	nietutorsko	adv:pos		
nietutorskościach	nietutorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskościami	nietutorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskością	nietutorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskości	nietutorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskości	nietutorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskości	nietutorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskości	nietutorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskości	nietutorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskościom	nietutorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskość	nietutorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietutorskość	nietutorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodnościach	nietuwodność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodnościami	nietuwodność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodnością	nietuwodność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodności	nietuwodność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodności	nietuwodność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodności	nietuwodność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodności	nietuwodność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodności	nietuwodność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodnościom	nietuwodność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodność	nietuwodność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodność	nietuwodność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuwodna	nietuwodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuwodną	nietuwodny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuwodną	nietuwodny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuwodnego	nietuwodny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuwodnego	nietuwodny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuwodnej	nietuwodny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuwodnej	nietuwodny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuwodnej	nietuwodny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuwodnemu	nietuwodny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuwodne	nietuwodny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuwodne	nietuwodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuwodne	nietuwodny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuwodne	nietuwodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuwodni	nietuwodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuwodnych	nietuwodny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuwodnych	nietuwodny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuwodnych	nietuwodny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuwodnymi	nietuwodny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuwodnym	nietuwodny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuwodnym	nietuwodny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuwodnym	nietuwodny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuwodny	nietuwodny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuwodny	nietuwodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuziemczościach	nietuziemczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczościami	nietuziemczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczością	nietuziemczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczości	nietuziemczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczości	nietuziemczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczości	nietuziemczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczości	nietuziemczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczości	nietuziemczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczościom	nietuziemczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczość	nietuziemczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemczość	nietuziemczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemcza	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuziemczą	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuziemczą	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuziemczego	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuziemczego	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemczej	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuziemczej	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuziemczej	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuziemczemu	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemcze	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemcze	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemcze	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuziemcze	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuziemczych	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuziemczych	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemczych	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemczymi	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemczym	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemczym	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemczym	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemczy	nietuziemczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuziemczy	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuziemczy	nietuziemczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuziemnościach	nietuziemność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemnościami	nietuziemność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemnością	nietuziemność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemności	nietuziemność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemności	nietuziemność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemności	nietuziemność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemności	nietuziemność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemności	nietuziemność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemnościom	nietuziemność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemność	nietuziemność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemność	nietuziemność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuziemna	nietuziemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuziemną	nietuziemny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuziemną	nietuziemny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuziemnego	nietuziemny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuziemnego	nietuziemny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemnej	nietuziemny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuziemnej	nietuziemny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuziemnej	nietuziemny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuziemnemu	nietuziemny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemne	nietuziemny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemne	nietuziemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemne	nietuziemny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuziemne	nietuziemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuziemni	nietuziemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuziemnych	nietuziemny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuziemnych	nietuziemny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemnych	nietuziemny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemnymi	nietuziemny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemnym	nietuziemny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuziemnym	nietuziemny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemnym	nietuziemny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuziemny	nietuziemny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuziemny	nietuziemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietuzinkowo	nietuzinkowo	adv:pos		
nietuzinkowościach	nietuzinkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowościami	nietuzinkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowością	nietuzinkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowości	nietuzinkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowości	nietuzinkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowości	nietuzinkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowości	nietuzinkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowości	nietuzinkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowościom	nietuzinkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowość	nietuzinkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowość	nietuzinkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietuzinkowa	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietuzinkową	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietuzinkową	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietuzinkowego	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietuzinkowego	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuzinkowej	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietuzinkowej	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietuzinkowej	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietuzinkowemu	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuzinkowe	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuzinkowe	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuzinkowe	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietuzinkowe	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietuzinkowi	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietuzinkowych	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietuzinkowych	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuzinkowych	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuzinkowymi	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuzinkowym	nietuzinkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietuzinkowym	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuzinkowym	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietuzinkowy	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietuzinkowy	nietuzinkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietużpowojennościach	nietużpowojenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojennościami	nietużpowojenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojennością	nietużpowojenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenności	nietużpowojenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenności	nietużpowojenność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenności	nietużpowojenność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenności	nietużpowojenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenności	nietużpowojenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojennościom	nietużpowojenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenność	nietużpowojenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenność	nietużpowojenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużpowojenna	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietużpowojenną	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietużpowojenną	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietużpowojennego	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietużpowojennego	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużpowojennej	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietużpowojennej	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietużpowojennej	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietużpowojennemu	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużpowojenne	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużpowojenne	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużpowojenne	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietużpowojenne	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietużpowojenni	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietużpowojennych	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietużpowojennych	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużpowojennych	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużpowojennymi	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużpowojennym	nietużpowojenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużpowojennym	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużpowojennym	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużpowojenny	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietużpowojenny	nietużpowojenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietużurkowościach	nietużurkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowościami	nietużurkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowością	nietużurkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowości	nietużurkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowości	nietużurkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowości	nietużurkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowości	nietużurkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowości	nietużurkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowościom	nietużurkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowość	nietużurkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowość	nietużurkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietużurkowa	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietużurkową	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietużurkową	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietużurkowego	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietużurkowego	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużurkowej	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietużurkowej	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietużurkowej	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietużurkowemu	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużurkowe	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużurkowe	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużurkowe	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietużurkowe	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietużurkowi	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietużurkowych	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietużurkowych	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużurkowych	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużurkowymi	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużurkowym	nietużurkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietużurkowym	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużurkowym	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietużurkowy	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietużurkowy	nietużurkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardawościach	nietwardawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawościami	nietwardawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawością	nietwardawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawości	nietwardawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawości	nietwardawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawości	nietwardawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawości	nietwardawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawości	nietwardawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawościom	nietwardawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawość	nietwardawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawość	nietwardawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardawa	nietwardawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardawą	nietwardawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardawą	nietwardawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardawego	nietwardawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardawego	nietwardawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardawej	nietwardawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardawej	nietwardawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardawej	nietwardawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardawemu	nietwardawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardawe	nietwardawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardawe	nietwardawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardawe	nietwardawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardawe	nietwardawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardawi	nietwardawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardawych	nietwardawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardawych	nietwardawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardawych	nietwardawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardawymi	nietwardawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardawym	nietwardawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardawym	nietwardawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardawym	nietwardawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardawy	nietwardawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardawy	nietwardawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardo	nietwardo	adv:pos		
nietwardogłowościach	nietwardogłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowościami	nietwardogłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowością	nietwardogłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowości	nietwardogłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowości	nietwardogłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowości	nietwardogłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowości	nietwardogłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowości	nietwardogłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowościom	nietwardogłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowość	nietwardogłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowość	nietwardogłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogłowa	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardogłową	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardogłową	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardogłowego	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardogłowego	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogłowej	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardogłowej	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardogłowej	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardogłowemu	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogłowe	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogłowe	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogłowe	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardogłowe	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardogłowi	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardogłowych	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardogłowych	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogłowych	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogłowymi	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogłowym	nietwardogłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogłowym	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogłowym	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogłowy	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardogłowy	nietwardogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardogórscy	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardogórska	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardogórską	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardogórską	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardogórskich	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardogórskich	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogórskich	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogórskiego	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardogórskiego	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogórskiej	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardogórskiej	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardogórskiej	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardogórskiemu	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogórskie	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogórskie	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogórskie	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardogórskie	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardogórskimi	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogórskim	nietwardogórski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardogórskim	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogórskim	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardogórski	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardogórski	nietwardogórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardogórsko	nietwardogórsko	adv:pos		
nietwardogórskościach	nietwardogórskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskościami	nietwardogórskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskością	nietwardogórskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskości	nietwardogórskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskości	nietwardogórskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskości	nietwardogórskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskości	nietwardogórskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskości	nietwardogórskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskościom	nietwardogórskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskość	nietwardogórskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardogórskość	nietwardogórskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistnościach	nietwardolistność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistnościami	nietwardolistność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistnością	nietwardolistność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistności	nietwardolistność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistności	nietwardolistność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistności	nietwardolistność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistności	nietwardolistność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistności	nietwardolistność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistnościom	nietwardolistność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistność	nietwardolistność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistność	nietwardolistność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardolistna	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardolistną	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardolistną	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardolistnego	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardolistnego	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardolistnej	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardolistnej	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardolistnej	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardolistnemu	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardolistne	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardolistne	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardolistne	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardolistne	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardolistni	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardolistnych	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardolistnych	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardolistnych	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardolistnymi	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardolistnym	nietwardolistny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardolistnym	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardolistnym	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardolistny	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardolistny	nietwardolistny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennościach	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebiennościami	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebiennością	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienności	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienności	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienności	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienności	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienności	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebiennościom	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienność	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienność	nietwardopodniebienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardopodniebienna	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardopodniebienną	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardopodniebienną	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennego	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennego	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennej	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennej	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennej	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennemu	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebienne	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebienne	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebienne	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardopodniebienne	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardopodniebienni	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennych	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennych	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennych	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennymi	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennym	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennym	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebiennym	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardopodniebienny	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardopodniebienny	nietwardopodniebienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardoskórościach	nietwardoskórość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórościami	nietwardoskórość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórością	nietwardoskórość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórości	nietwardoskórość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórości	nietwardoskórość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórości	nietwardoskórość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórości	nietwardoskórość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórości	nietwardoskórość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórościom	nietwardoskórość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórość	nietwardoskórość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskórość	nietwardoskórość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoskóra	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardoskórą	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardoskórą	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardoskórego	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardoskórego	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoskórej	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardoskórej	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardoskórej	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardoskóremu	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoskóre	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoskóre	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoskóre	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardoskóre	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardoskórych	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardoskórych	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoskórych	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoskórymi	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoskórym	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoskórym	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoskórym	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoskóry	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardoskóry	nietwardoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardoskórzy	nietwardoskóry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardościach	nietwardość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardościami	nietwardość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardością	nietwardość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardości	nietwardość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardości	nietwardość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardości	nietwardość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardości	nietwardość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardości	nietwardość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardościom	nietwardość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardość	nietwardość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardość	nietwardość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowościach	nietwardotematowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowościami	nietwardotematowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowością	nietwardotematowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowości	nietwardotematowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowości	nietwardotematowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowości	nietwardotematowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowości	nietwardotematowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowości	nietwardotematowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowościom	nietwardotematowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowość	nietwardotematowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowość	nietwardotematowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardotematowa	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardotematową	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardotematową	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardotematowego	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardotematowego	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardotematowej	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardotematowej	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardotematowej	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardotematowemu	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardotematowe	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardotematowe	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardotematowe	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardotematowe	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardotematowi	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardotematowych	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardotematowych	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardotematowych	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardotematowymi	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardotematowym	nietwardotematowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardotematowym	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardotematowym	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardotematowy	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardotematowy	nietwardotematowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardoustościach	nietwardoustość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustościami	nietwardoustość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustością	nietwardoustość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustości	nietwardoustość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustości	nietwardoustość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustości	nietwardoustość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustości	nietwardoustość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustości	nietwardoustość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustościom	nietwardoustość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustość	nietwardoustość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoustość	nietwardoustość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardousta	nietwardousty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardoustą	nietwardousty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardoustą	nietwardousty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardoustego	nietwardousty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardoustego	nietwardousty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoustej	nietwardousty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardoustej	nietwardousty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardoustej	nietwardousty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardoustemu	nietwardousty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardouste	nietwardousty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardouste	nietwardousty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardouste	nietwardousty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardouste	nietwardousty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardoustych	nietwardousty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardoustych	nietwardousty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoustych	nietwardousty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoustymi	nietwardousty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoustym	nietwardousty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoustym	nietwardousty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoustym	nietwardousty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardousty	nietwardousty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardousty	nietwardousty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardouści	nietwardousty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardoziarnistościach	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistościami	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistością	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistości	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistości	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistości	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistości	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistości	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistościom	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistość	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnistość	nietwardoziarnistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardoziarnista	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardoziarnistą	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardoziarnistą	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardoziarnistego	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardoziarnistego	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoziarnistej	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardoziarnistej	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardoziarnistej	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardoziarnistemu	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoziarniste	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoziarniste	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoziarniste	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardoziarniste	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardoziarnistych	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardoziarnistych	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoziarnistych	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoziarnistymi	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoziarnistym	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardoziarnistym	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoziarnistym	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardoziarnisty	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardoziarnisty	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardoziarniści	nietwardoziarnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwarda	nietwardy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardą	nietwardy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardą	nietwardy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardego	nietwardy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardego	nietwardy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardej	nietwardy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardej	nietwardy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardej	nietwardy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardemu	nietwardy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarde	nietwardy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarde	nietwardy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarde	nietwardy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwarde	nietwardy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardych	nietwardy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardych	nietwardy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardych	nietwardy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardymi	nietwardy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardym	nietwardy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardym	nietwardy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardym	nietwardy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardy	nietwardy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardy	nietwardy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwardzi	nietwardy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardzielowościach	nietwardzielowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowościami	nietwardzielowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowością	nietwardzielowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowości	nietwardzielowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowości	nietwardzielowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowości	nietwardzielowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowości	nietwardzielowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowości	nietwardzielowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowościom	nietwardzielowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowość	nietwardzielowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowość	nietwardzielowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwardzielowa	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwardzielową	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwardzielową	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwardzielowego	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwardzielowego	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardzielowej	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwardzielowej	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwardzielowej	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwardzielowemu	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardzielowe	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardzielowe	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardzielowe	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwardzielowe	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwardzielowi	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwardzielowych	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwardzielowych	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardzielowych	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardzielowymi	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardzielowym	nietwardzielowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwardzielowym	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardzielowym	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwardzielowy	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwardzielowy	nietwardzielowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwarogowościach	nietwarogowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowościami	nietwarogowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowością	nietwarogowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowości	nietwarogowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowości	nietwarogowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowości	nietwarogowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowości	nietwarogowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowości	nietwarogowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowościom	nietwarogowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowość	nietwarogowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowość	nietwarogowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarogowa	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwarogową	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwarogową	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwarogowego	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwarogowego	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarogowej	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwarogowej	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwarogowej	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwarogowemu	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarogowe	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarogowe	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarogowe	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwarogowe	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwarogowi	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwarogowych	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwarogowych	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarogowych	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarogowymi	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarogowym	nietwarogowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarogowym	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarogowym	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarogowy	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwarogowy	nietwarogowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwarożkarscy	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwarożkarska	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwarożkarską	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwarożkarską	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwarożkarskich	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwarożkarskich	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskich	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskiego	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwarożkarskiego	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskiej	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwarożkarskiej	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwarożkarskiej	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwarożkarskiemu	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskie	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskie	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskie	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwarożkarskie	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwarożkarskimi	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskim	nietwarożkarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskim	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarożkarskim	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarożkarski	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwarożkarski	nietwarożkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwarożkarsko	nietwarożkarsko	adv:pos		
nietwarożkarskościach	nietwarożkarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskościami	nietwarożkarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskością	nietwarożkarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskości	nietwarożkarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskości	nietwarożkarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskości	nietwarożkarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskości	nietwarożkarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskości	nietwarożkarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskościom	nietwarożkarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskość	nietwarożkarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarożkarskość	nietwarożkarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowo	nietwarzowo	adv:pos		
nietwarzowościach	nietwarzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowościami	nietwarzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowością	nietwarzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowości	nietwarzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowości	nietwarzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowości	nietwarzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowości	nietwarzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowości	nietwarzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowościom	nietwarzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowość	nietwarzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowość	nietwarzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwarzowa	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwarzową	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwarzową	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwarzowego	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwarzowego	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarzowej	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwarzowej	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwarzowej	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwarzowemu	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarzowe	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarzowe	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarzowe	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwarzowe	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwarzowi	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwarzowych	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwarzowych	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarzowych	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarzowymi	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarzowym	nietwarzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwarzowym	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarzowym	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwarzowy	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwarzowy	nietwarzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietweedowościach	nietweedowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowościami	nietweedowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowością	nietweedowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowości	nietweedowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowości	nietweedowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowości	nietweedowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowości	nietweedowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowości	nietweedowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowościom	nietweedowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowość	nietweedowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowość	nietweedowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietweedowa	nietweedowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietweedową	nietweedowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietweedową	nietweedowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietweedowego	nietweedowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietweedowego	nietweedowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietweedowej	nietweedowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietweedowej	nietweedowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietweedowej	nietweedowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietweedowemu	nietweedowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietweedowe	nietweedowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietweedowe	nietweedowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietweedowe	nietweedowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietweedowe	nietweedowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietweedowi	nietweedowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietweedowych	nietweedowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietweedowych	nietweedowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietweedowych	nietweedowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietweedowymi	nietweedowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietweedowym	nietweedowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietweedowym	nietweedowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietweedowym	nietweedowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietweedowy	nietweedowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietweedowy	nietweedowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwerscy	nietwerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwerska	nietwerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwerską	nietwerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwerską	nietwerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwerskich	nietwerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwerskich	nietwerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwerskich	nietwerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwerskiego	nietwerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwerskiego	nietwerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwerskiej	nietwerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwerskiej	nietwerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwerskiej	nietwerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwerskiemu	nietwerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwerskie	nietwerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwerskie	nietwerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwerskie	nietwerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwerskie	nietwerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwerskimi	nietwerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwerskim	nietwerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwerskim	nietwerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwerskim	nietwerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwerski	nietwerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwerski	nietwerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwersko	nietwersko	adv:pos		
nietwerskościach	nietwerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskościami	nietwerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskością	nietwerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskości	nietwerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskości	nietwerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskości	nietwerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskości	nietwerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskości	nietwerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskościom	nietwerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskość	nietwerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwerskość	nietwerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwierdząco	nietwierdząco	adv:pos		
nietwierdząca	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwierdzącą	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwierdzącą	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwierdzącego	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwierdzącego	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwierdzącej	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwierdzącej	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwierdzącej	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwierdzącemu	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwierdzące	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwierdzące	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwierdzące	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwierdzące	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwierdzących	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwierdzących	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwierdzących	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwierdzącymi	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwierdzącym	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwierdzącym	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwierdzącym	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwierdzący	nietwierdzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwierdzący	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwierdzący	nietwierdzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwistowościach	nietwistowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowościami	nietwistowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowością	nietwistowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowości	nietwistowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowości	nietwistowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowości	nietwistowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowości	nietwistowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowości	nietwistowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowościom	nietwistowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowość	nietwistowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowość	nietwistowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwistowa	nietwistowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwistową	nietwistowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwistową	nietwistowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwistowego	nietwistowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwistowego	nietwistowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwistowej	nietwistowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwistowej	nietwistowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwistowej	nietwistowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwistowemu	nietwistowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwistowe	nietwistowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwistowe	nietwistowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwistowe	nietwistowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwistowe	nietwistowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwistowi	nietwistowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwistowych	nietwistowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwistowych	nietwistowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwistowych	nietwistowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwistowymi	nietwistowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwistowym	nietwistowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwistowym	nietwistowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwistowym	nietwistowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwistowy	nietwistowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwistowy	nietwistowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietwitterowościach	nietwitterowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowościami	nietwitterowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowością	nietwitterowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowości	nietwitterowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowości	nietwitterowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowości	nietwitterowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowości	nietwitterowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowości	nietwitterowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowościom	nietwitterowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowość	nietwitterowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowość	nietwitterowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwitterowa	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwitterową	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwitterową	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwitterowego	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwitterowego	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwitterowej	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwitterowej	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwitterowej	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwitterowemu	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwitterowe	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwitterowe	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwitterowe	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwitterowe	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwitterowi	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwitterowych	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwitterowych	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwitterowych	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwitterowymi	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwitterowym	nietwitterowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwitterowym	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwitterowym	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwitterowy	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwitterowy	nietwitterowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietworkowscy	nietworkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietworkowska	nietworkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietworkowską	nietworkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietworkowską	nietworkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietworkowskich	nietworkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietworkowskich	nietworkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworkowskich	nietworkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworkowskiego	nietworkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietworkowskiego	nietworkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworkowskiej	nietworkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietworkowskiej	nietworkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietworkowskiej	nietworkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietworkowskiemu	nietworkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworkowskie	nietworkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworkowskie	nietworkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworkowskie	nietworkowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietworkowskie	nietworkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietworkowskimi	nietworkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworkowskim	nietworkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworkowskim	nietworkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworkowskim	nietworkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworkowski	nietworkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietworkowski	nietworkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietworkowsko	nietworkowsko	adv:pos		
nietworkowskościach	nietworkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskościami	nietworkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskością	nietworkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskości	nietworkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskości	nietworkowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskości	nietworkowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskości	nietworkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskości	nietworkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskościom	nietworkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskość	nietworkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworkowskość	nietworkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoscy	nietworoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietworoska	nietworoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietworoską	nietworoski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietworoską	nietworoski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietworoskich	nietworoski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietworoskich	nietworoski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworoskich	nietworoski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworoskiego	nietworoski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietworoskiego	nietworoski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworoskiej	nietworoski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietworoskiej	nietworoski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietworoskiej	nietworoski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietworoskiemu	nietworoski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworoskie	nietworoski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworoskie	nietworoski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworoskie	nietworoski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietworoskie	nietworoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietworoskimi	nietworoski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworoskim	nietworoski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworoskim	nietworoski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworoskim	nietworoski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworoski	nietworoski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietworoski	nietworoski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietworosko	nietworosko	adv:pos		
nietworoskościach	nietworoskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskościami	nietworoskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskością	nietworoskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskości	nietworoskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskości	nietworoskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskości	nietworoskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskości	nietworoskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskości	nietworoskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskościom	nietworoskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskość	nietworoskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworoskość	nietworoskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielscy	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietworzycielska	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietworzycielską	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietworzycielską	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietworzycielskich	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietworzycielskich	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzycielskich	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzycielskiego	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietworzycielskiego	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzycielskiej	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietworzycielskiej	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietworzycielskiej	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietworzycielskiemu	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzycielskie	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzycielskie	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzycielskie	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietworzycielskie	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietworzycielskimi	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzycielskim	nietworzycielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzycielskim	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzycielskim	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzycielski	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietworzycielski	nietworzycielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietworzycielsko	nietworzycielsko	adv:pos		
nietworzycielskościach	nietworzycielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskościami	nietworzycielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskością	nietworzycielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskości	nietworzycielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskości	nietworzycielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskości	nietworzycielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskości	nietworzycielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskości	nietworzycielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskościom	nietworzycielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskość	nietworzycielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzycielskość	nietworzycielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywnościach	nietworzywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywnościami	nietworzywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywnością	nietworzywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywności	nietworzywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywności	nietworzywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywności	nietworzywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywności	nietworzywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywności	nietworzywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywnościom	nietworzywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywność	nietworzywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywność	nietworzywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywna	nietworzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietworzywną	nietworzywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietworzywną	nietworzywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietworzywnego	nietworzywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietworzywnego	nietworzywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywnej	nietworzywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietworzywnej	nietworzywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietworzywnej	nietworzywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietworzywnemu	nietworzywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywne	nietworzywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywne	nietworzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywne	nietworzywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietworzywne	nietworzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietworzywni	nietworzywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietworzywnych	nietworzywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietworzywnych	nietworzywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywnych	nietworzywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywnymi	nietworzywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywnym	nietworzywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywnym	nietworzywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywnym	nietworzywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywny	nietworzywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietworzywny	nietworzywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietworzywowościach	nietworzywowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowościami	nietworzywowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowością	nietworzywowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowości	nietworzywowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowości	nietworzywowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowości	nietworzywowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowości	nietworzywowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowości	nietworzywowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowościom	nietworzywowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowość	nietworzywowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowość	nietworzywowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietworzywowa	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietworzywową	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietworzywową	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietworzywowego	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietworzywowego	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywowej	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietworzywowej	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietworzywowej	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietworzywowemu	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywowe	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywowe	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywowe	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietworzywowe	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietworzywowi	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietworzywowych	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietworzywowych	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywowych	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywowymi	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywowym	nietworzywowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietworzywowym	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywowym	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietworzywowy	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietworzywowy	nietworzywowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietworach	nietwór	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietworami	nietwór	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietwora	nietwór	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietwora	nietwór	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietworem	nietwór	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietworom	nietwór	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietworowi	nietwór	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietworów	nietwór	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietwory	nietwór	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietworze	nietwór	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietworze	nietwór	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietwór	nietwór	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietwórczo	nietwórczo	adv:pos		
nietwórczościach	nietwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczościami	nietwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczością	nietwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczości	nietwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczości	nietwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczości	nietwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczości	nietwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczości	nietwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczościom	nietwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczość	nietwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórczość	nietwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietwórcza	nietwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietwórczą	nietwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietwórczą	nietwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietwórczego	nietwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietwórczego	nietwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwórczej	nietwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietwórczej	nietwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietwórczej	nietwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietwórczemu	nietwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwórcze	nietwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwórcze	nietwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwórcze	nietwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietwórcze	nietwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietwórczych	nietwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietwórczych	nietwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwórczych	nietwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwórczymi	nietwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwórczym	nietwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietwórczym	nietwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwórczym	nietwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietwórczy	nietwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietwórczy	nietwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietwórczy	nietwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyberiadzcy	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyberiadzka	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyberiadzką	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyberiadzką	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyberiadzkich	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyberiadzkich	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkich	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkiego	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyberiadzkiego	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkiej	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyberiadzkiej	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyberiadzkiej	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyberiadzkiemu	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkie	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkie	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkie	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyberiadzkie	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyberiadzkimi	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkim	nietyberiadzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkim	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyberiadzkim	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyberiadzki	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyberiadzki	nietyberiadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyberiadzko	nietyberiadzko	adv:pos		
nietyberiadzkościach	nietyberiadzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkościami	nietyberiadzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkością	nietyberiadzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkości	nietyberiadzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkości	nietyberiadzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkości	nietyberiadzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkości	nietyberiadzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkości	nietyberiadzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkościom	nietyberiadzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkość	nietyberiadzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyberiadzkość	nietyberiadzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańscy	nietybetański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietybetańska	nietybetański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietybetańską	nietybetański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietybetańską	nietybetański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietybetańskich	nietybetański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietybetańskich	nietybetański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetańskich	nietybetański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetańskiego	nietybetański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietybetańskiego	nietybetański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetańskiej	nietybetański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietybetańskiej	nietybetański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietybetańskiej	nietybetański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietybetańskiemu	nietybetański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetańskie	nietybetański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetańskie	nietybetański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetańskie	nietybetański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietybetańskie	nietybetański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietybetańskimi	nietybetański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetańskim	nietybetański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetańskim	nietybetański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetańskim	nietybetański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetański	nietybetański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietybetański	nietybetański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietybetańsko	nietybetańsko	adv:pos		
nietybetańskościach	nietybetańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskościami	nietybetańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskością	nietybetańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskości	nietybetańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskości	nietybetańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskości	nietybetańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskości	nietybetańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskości	nietybetańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskościom	nietybetańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskość	nietybetańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetańskość	nietybetańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowościach	nietybetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowościami	nietybetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowością	nietybetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowości	nietybetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowości	nietybetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowości	nietybetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowości	nietybetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowości	nietybetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowościom	nietybetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowość	nietybetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowość	nietybetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybetowa	nietybetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietybetową	nietybetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietybetową	nietybetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietybetowego	nietybetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietybetowego	nietybetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetowej	nietybetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietybetowej	nietybetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietybetowej	nietybetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietybetowemu	nietybetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetowe	nietybetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetowe	nietybetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetowe	nietybetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietybetowe	nietybetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietybetowi	nietybetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietybetowych	nietybetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietybetowych	nietybetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetowych	nietybetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetowymi	nietybetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetowym	nietybetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybetowym	nietybetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetowym	nietybetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybetowy	nietybetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietybetowy	nietybetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietybrzańscy	nietybrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietybrzańska	nietybrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietybrzańską	nietybrzański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietybrzańską	nietybrzański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietybrzańskich	nietybrzański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietybrzańskich	nietybrzański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybrzańskich	nietybrzański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybrzańskiego	nietybrzański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietybrzańskiego	nietybrzański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybrzańskiej	nietybrzański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietybrzańskiej	nietybrzański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietybrzańskiej	nietybrzański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietybrzańskiemu	nietybrzański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybrzańskie	nietybrzański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybrzańskie	nietybrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybrzańskie	nietybrzański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietybrzańskie	nietybrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietybrzańskimi	nietybrzański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybrzańskim	nietybrzański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietybrzańskim	nietybrzański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybrzańskim	nietybrzański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietybrzański	nietybrzański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietybrzański	nietybrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietybrzańsko	nietybrzańsko	adv:pos		
nietybrzańskościach	nietybrzańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskościami	nietybrzańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskością	nietybrzańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskości	nietybrzańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskości	nietybrzańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskości	nietybrzańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskości	nietybrzańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskości	nietybrzańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskościom	nietybrzańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskość	nietybrzańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietybrzańskość	nietybrzańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowscy	nietychowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietychowska	nietychowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietychowską	nietychowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietychowską	nietychowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietychowskich	nietychowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietychowskich	nietychowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietychowskich	nietychowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietychowskiego	nietychowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietychowskiego	nietychowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietychowskiej	nietychowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietychowskiej	nietychowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietychowskiej	nietychowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietychowskiemu	nietychowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietychowskie	nietychowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietychowskie	nietychowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietychowskie	nietychowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietychowskie	nietychowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietychowskimi	nietychowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietychowskim	nietychowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietychowskim	nietychowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietychowskim	nietychowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietychowski	nietychowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietychowski	nietychowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietychowsko	nietychowsko	adv:pos		
nietychowskościach	nietychowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskościami	nietychowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskością	nietychowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskości	nietychowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskości	nietychowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskości	nietychowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskości	nietychowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskości	nietychowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskościom	nietychowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskość	nietychowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietychowskość	nietychowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycia	nietyci	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietycią	nietyci	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietycią	nietyci	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietycich	nietyci	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietycich	nietyci	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycich	nietyci	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciego	nietyci	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyciego	nietyci	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciej	nietyci	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyciej	nietyci	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyciej	nietyci	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyciemu	nietyci	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycie	nietyci	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycie	nietyci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycie	nietyci	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietycie	nietyci	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietycimi	nietyci	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycim	nietyci	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycim	nietyci	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycim	nietyci	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyci	nietyci	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyci	nietyci	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyci	nietyci	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietycio	nietycio	adv:pos		
nietyciościach	nietyciość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciościami	nietyciość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciością	nietyciość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciości	nietyciość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciości	nietyciość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciości	nietyciość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciości	nietyciość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciości	nietyciość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciościom	nietyciość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciość	nietyciość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciość	nietyciość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchnościach	nietyciuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchnościami	nietyciuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchnością	nietyciuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchności	nietyciuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchności	nietyciuchność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchności	nietyciuchność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchności	nietyciuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchności	nietyciuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchnościom	nietyciuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchność	nietyciuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchność	nietyciuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuchna	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyciuchną	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyciuchną	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyciuchnego	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyciuchnego	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciuchnej	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyciuchnej	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyciuchnej	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyciuchnemu	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciuchne	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciuchne	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciuchne	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyciuchne	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyciuchni	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyciuchnych	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyciuchnych	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciuchnych	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciuchnymi	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciuchnym	nietyciuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciuchnym	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciuchnym	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciuchny	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyciuchny	nietyciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyciusieńcy	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyciusieńka	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyciusieńką	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyciusieńką	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyciusieńkich	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyciusieńkich	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkich	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkiego	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyciusieńkiego	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkiej	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyciusieńkiej	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyciusieńkiej	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyciusieńkiemu	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkie	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkie	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkie	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyciusieńkie	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyciusieńkimi	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkim	nietyciusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkim	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciusieńkim	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciusieńki	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyciusieńki	nietyciusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyciusieńko	nietyciusieńko	adv:pos		
nietyciusieńkościach	nietyciusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkościami	nietyciusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkością	nietyciusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkości	nietyciusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkości	nietyciusieńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkości	nietyciusieńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkości	nietyciusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkości	nietyciusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkościom	nietyciusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkość	nietyciusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciusieńkość	nietyciusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciuśko	nietyciuśko:d1	adv:pos		
nietyciuśko	nietyciuśko:d2	adv:pos		
nietyciuśkościach	nietyciuśkość	subst:pl:loc:f		
nietyciuśkościami	nietyciuśkość	subst:pl:inst:f		
nietyciuśkością	nietyciuśkość	subst:sg:inst:f		
nietyciuśkości	nietyciuśkość	subst:pl:gen:f		
nietyciuśkości	nietyciuśkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nietyciuśkości	nietyciuśkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nietyciuśkości	nietyciuśkość	subst:sg:gen:f		
nietyciuśkości	nietyciuśkość	subst:sg:voc:f		
nietyciuśkościom	nietyciuśkość	subst:pl:dat:f		
nietyciuśkość	nietyciuśkość	subst:sg:acc:f		
nietyciuśkość	nietyciuśkość	subst:sg:nom:f		
nietyciuteńko	nietyciuteńko	adv:pos		
nietyciuteńkościach	nietyciuteńkość	subst:pl:loc:f		
nietyciuteńkościami	nietyciuteńkość	subst:pl:inst:f		
nietyciuteńkością	nietyciuteńkość	subst:sg:inst:f		
nietyciuteńkości	nietyciuteńkość	subst:pl:gen:f		
nietyciuteńkości	nietyciuteńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nietyciuteńkości	nietyciuteńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nietyciuteńkości	nietyciuteńkość	subst:sg:gen:f		
nietyciuteńkości	nietyciuteńkość	subst:sg:voc:f		
nietyciuteńkościom	nietyciuteńkość	subst:pl:dat:f		
nietyciuteńkość	nietyciuteńkość	subst:sg:acc:f		
nietyciuteńkość	nietyciuteńkość	subst:sg:nom:f		
nietyciutcy	nietyciutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyciutka	nietyciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyciutką	nietyciutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyciutką	nietyciutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyciutkich	nietyciutki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyciutkich	nietyciutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciutkich	nietyciutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciutkiego	nietyciutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyciutkiego	nietyciutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciutkiej	nietyciutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyciutkiej	nietyciutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyciutkiej	nietyciutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyciutkiemu	nietyciutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciutkie	nietyciutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciutkie	nietyciutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciutkie	nietyciutki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyciutkie	nietyciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyciutkimi	nietyciutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciutkim	nietyciutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyciutkim	nietyciutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciutkim	nietyciutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyciutki	nietyciutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyciutki	nietyciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyciutko	nietyciutko	adv:pos		
nietyciutkościach	nietyciutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkościami	nietyciutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkością	nietyciutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkości	nietyciutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkości	nietyciutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkości	nietyciutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkości	nietyciutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkości	nietyciutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkościom	nietyciutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkość	nietyciutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyciutkość	nietyciutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowscy	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietycjanowska	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietycjanowską	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietycjanowską	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietycjanowskich	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietycjanowskich	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycjanowskich	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycjanowskiego	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietycjanowskiego	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycjanowskiej	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietycjanowskiej	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietycjanowskiej	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietycjanowskiemu	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycjanowskie	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycjanowskie	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycjanowskie	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietycjanowskie	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietycjanowskimi	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycjanowskim	nietycjanowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycjanowskim	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycjanowskim	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycjanowski	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietycjanowski	nietycjanowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietycjanowsko	nietycjanowsko	adv:pos		
nietycjanowskościach	nietycjanowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskościami	nietycjanowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskością	nietycjanowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskości	nietycjanowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskości	nietycjanowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskości	nietycjanowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskości	nietycjanowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskości	nietycjanowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskościom	nietycjanowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskość	nietycjanowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycjanowskość	nietycjanowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczance	nietyczanka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczanek	nietyczanka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczankach	nietyczanka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczankami	nietyczanka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczanka	nietyczanka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczanką	nietyczanka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczankę	nietyczanka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczanki	nietyczanka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczanki	nietyczanka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczankom	nietyczanka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczanko	nietyczanka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nietyczkarscy	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyczkarska	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyczkarską	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyczkarską	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyczkarskich	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyczkarskich	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkarskich	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkarskiego	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyczkarskiego	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkarskiej	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyczkarskiej	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyczkarskiej	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyczkarskiemu	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkarskie	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkarskie	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkarskie	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyczkarskie	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyczkarskimi	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkarskim	nietyczkarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkarskim	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkarskim	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkarski	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyczkarski	nietyczkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyczkarsko	nietyczkarsko	adv:pos		
nietyczkarskościach	nietyczkarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskościami	nietyczkarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskością	nietyczkarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskości	nietyczkarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskości	nietyczkarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskości	nietyczkarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskości	nietyczkarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskości	nietyczkarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskościom	nietyczkarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskość	nietyczkarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkarskość	nietyczkarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatościach	nietyczkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatościami	nietyczkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatością	nietyczkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatości	nietyczkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatości	nietyczkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatości	nietyczkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatości	nietyczkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatości	nietyczkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatościom	nietyczkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatość	nietyczkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowatość	nietyczkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowaci	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyczkowata	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyczkowatą	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyczkowatą	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyczkowatego	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyczkowatego	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowatej	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyczkowatej	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyczkowatej	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyczkowatemu	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowate	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowate	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowate	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyczkowate	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyczkowatych	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyczkowatych	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowatych	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowatymi	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowatym	nietyczkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowatym	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowatym	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowaty	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyczkowaty	nietyczkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyczkowościach	nietyczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowościami	nietyczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowością	nietyczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowości	nietyczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowości	nietyczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowości	nietyczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowości	nietyczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowości	nietyczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowościom	nietyczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowość	nietyczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowość	nietyczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczkowa	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyczkową	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyczkową	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyczkowego	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyczkowego	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowej	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyczkowej	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyczkowej	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyczkowemu	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowe	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowe	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowe	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyczkowe	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyczkowi	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyczkowych	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyczkowych	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowych	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowymi	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowym	nietyczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczkowym	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowym	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczkowy	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyczkowy	nietyczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietycznościach	nietyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycznościami	nietyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycznością	nietyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczności	nietyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczności	nietyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczności	nietyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczności	nietyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczności	nietyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietycznościom	nietyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczność	nietyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczność	nietyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczna	nietyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyczną	nietyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyczną	nietyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietycznego	nietyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietycznego	nietyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycznej	nietyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietycznej	nietyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietycznej	nietyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietycznemu	nietyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczne	nietyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczne	nietyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczne	nietyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyczne	nietyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyczni	nietyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietycznych	nietyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietycznych	nietyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycznych	nietyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycznymi	nietyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycznym	nietyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietycznym	nietyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietycznym	nietyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczny	nietyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyczny	nietyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyczyńscy	nietyczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyczyńska	nietyczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyczyńską	nietyczyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyczyńską	nietyczyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyczyńskich	nietyczyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyczyńskich	nietyczyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczyńskich	nietyczyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczyńskiego	nietyczyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyczyńskiego	nietyczyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczyńskiej	nietyczyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyczyńskiej	nietyczyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyczyńskiej	nietyczyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyczyńskiemu	nietyczyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczyńskie	nietyczyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczyńskie	nietyczyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczyńskie	nietyczyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyczyńskie	nietyczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyczyńskimi	nietyczyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczyńskim	nietyczyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyczyńskim	nietyczyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczyńskim	nietyczyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyczyński	nietyczyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyczyński	nietyczyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyczyńsko	nietyczyńsko	adv:pos		
nietyczyńskościach	nietyczyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskościami	nietyczyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskością	nietyczyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskości	nietyczyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskości	nietyczyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskości	nietyczyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskości	nietyczyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskości	nietyczyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskościom	nietyczyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskość	nietyczyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyczyńskość	nietyczyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliscy	nietyfliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyfliska	nietyfliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyfliską	nietyfliski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyfliską	nietyfliski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyfliskich	nietyfliski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyfliskich	nietyfliski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfliskich	nietyfliski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfliskiego	nietyfliski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyfliskiego	nietyfliski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfliskiej	nietyfliski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyfliskiej	nietyfliski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyfliskiej	nietyfliski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyfliskiemu	nietyfliski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfliskie	nietyfliski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfliskie	nietyfliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfliskie	nietyfliski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyfliskie	nietyfliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyfliskimi	nietyfliski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfliskim	nietyfliski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfliskim	nietyfliski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfliskim	nietyfliski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfliski	nietyfliski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyfliski	nietyfliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyflisko	nietyflisko	adv:pos		
nietyfliskościach	nietyfliskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskościami	nietyfliskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskością	nietyfliskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskości	nietyfliskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskości	nietyfliskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskości	nietyfliskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskości	nietyfliskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskości	nietyfliskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskościom	nietyfliskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskość	nietyfliskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfliskość	nietyfliskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogicznościach	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogicznościami	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogicznością	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczności	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczności	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczności	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczności	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczności	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogicznościom	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczność	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczność	nietyflopedagogiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyflopedagogiczna	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczną	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczną	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznego	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznego	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznej	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznej	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznej	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznemu	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczne	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczne	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczne	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczne	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczni	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznych	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznych	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznych	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznymi	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznym	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznym	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogicznym	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczny	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyflopedagogiczny	nietyflopedagogiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyfoidalnościach	nietyfoidalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalnościami	nietyfoidalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalnością	nietyfoidalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalności	nietyfoidalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalności	nietyfoidalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalności	nietyfoidalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalności	nietyfoidalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalności	nietyfoidalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalnościom	nietyfoidalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalność	nietyfoidalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalność	nietyfoidalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfoidalna	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyfoidalną	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyfoidalną	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyfoidalnego	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyfoidalnego	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfoidalnej	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyfoidalnej	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyfoidalnej	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyfoidalnemu	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfoidalne	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfoidalne	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfoidalne	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyfoidalne	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyfoidalni	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyfoidalnych	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyfoidalnych	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfoidalnych	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfoidalnymi	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfoidalnym	nietyfoidalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfoidalnym	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfoidalnym	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfoidalny	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyfoidalny	nietyfoidalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyftykowościach	nietyftykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowościami	nietyftykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowością	nietyftykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowości	nietyftykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowości	nietyftykowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowości	nietyftykowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowości	nietyftykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowości	nietyftykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowościom	nietyftykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowość	nietyftykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowość	nietyftykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyftykowa	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyftykową	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyftykową	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyftykowego	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyftykowego	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyftykowej	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyftykowej	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyftykowej	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyftykowemu	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyftykowe	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyftykowe	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyftykowe	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyftykowe	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyftykowi	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyftykowych	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyftykowych	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyftykowych	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyftykowymi	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyftykowym	nietyftykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyftykowym	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyftykowym	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyftykowy	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyftykowy	nietyftykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyfusowościach	nietyfusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowościami	nietyfusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowością	nietyfusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowości	nietyfusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowości	nietyfusowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowości	nietyfusowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowości	nietyfusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowości	nietyfusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowościom	nietyfusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowość	nietyfusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowość	nietyfusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyfusowa	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyfusową	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyfusową	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyfusowego	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyfusowego	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfusowej	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyfusowej	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyfusowej	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyfusowemu	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfusowe	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfusowe	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfusowe	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyfusowe	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyfusowi	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyfusowych	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyfusowych	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfusowych	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfusowymi	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfusowym	nietyfusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyfusowym	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfusowym	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyfusowy	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyfusowy	nietyfusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyglowościach	nietyglowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowościami	nietyglowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowością	nietyglowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowości	nietyglowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowości	nietyglowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowości	nietyglowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowości	nietyglowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowości	nietyglowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowościom	nietyglowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowość	nietyglowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowość	nietyglowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyglowa	nietyglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyglową	nietyglowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyglową	nietyglowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyglowego	nietyglowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyglowego	nietyglowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyglowej	nietyglowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyglowej	nietyglowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyglowej	nietyglowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyglowemu	nietyglowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyglowe	nietyglowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyglowe	nietyglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyglowe	nietyglowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyglowe	nietyglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyglowi	nietyglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyglowych	nietyglowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyglowych	nietyglowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyglowych	nietyglowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyglowymi	nietyglowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyglowym	nietyglowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyglowym	nietyglowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyglowym	nietyglowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyglowy	nietyglowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyglowy	nietyglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietygodnikowościach	nietygodnikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowościami	nietygodnikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowością	nietygodnikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowości	nietygodnikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowości	nietygodnikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowości	nietygodnikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowości	nietygodnikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowości	nietygodnikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowościom	nietygodnikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowość	nietygodnikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowość	nietygodnikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodnikowa	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietygodnikową	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietygodnikową	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietygodnikowego	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietygodnikowego	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodnikowej	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietygodnikowej	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietygodnikowej	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietygodnikowemu	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodnikowe	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodnikowe	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodnikowe	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietygodnikowe	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietygodnikowi	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietygodnikowych	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietygodnikowych	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodnikowych	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodnikowymi	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodnikowym	nietygodnikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodnikowym	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodnikowym	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodnikowy	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietygodnikowy	nietygodnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietygodniowo	nietygodniowo	adv:pos		
nietygodniowościach	nietygodniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowościami	nietygodniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowością	nietygodniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowości	nietygodniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowości	nietygodniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowości	nietygodniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowości	nietygodniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowości	nietygodniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowościom	nietygodniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowość	nietygodniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowość	nietygodniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygodniowa	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietygodniową	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietygodniową	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietygodniowego	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietygodniowego	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodniowej	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietygodniowej	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietygodniowej	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietygodniowemu	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodniowe	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodniowe	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodniowe	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietygodniowe	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietygodniowi	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietygodniowych	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietygodniowych	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodniowych	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodniowymi	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodniowym	nietygodniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygodniowym	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodniowym	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygodniowy	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietygodniowy	nietygodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietygrysia	nietygrysi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietygrysią	nietygrysi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietygrysią	nietygrysi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietygrysich	nietygrysi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietygrysich	nietygrysi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygrysich	nietygrysi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygrysiego	nietygrysi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietygrysiego	nietygrysi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygrysiej	nietygrysi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietygrysiej	nietygrysi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietygrysiej	nietygrysi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietygrysiemu	nietygrysi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygrysie	nietygrysi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygrysie	nietygrysi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygrysie	nietygrysi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietygrysie	nietygrysi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietygrysimi	nietygrysi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygrysim	nietygrysi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietygrysim	nietygrysi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygrysim	nietygrysi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietygrysi	nietygrysi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietygrysi	nietygrysi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietygrysi	nietygrysi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietygrysio	nietygrysio	adv:pos		
nietygrysiościach	nietygrysiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiościami	nietygrysiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiością	nietygrysiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiości	nietygrysiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiości	nietygrysiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiości	nietygrysiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiości	nietygrysiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiości	nietygrysiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiościom	nietygrysiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiość	nietygrysiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietygrysiość	nietygrysiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalnościach	nietykalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalnościami	nietykalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalnością	nietykalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalności	nietykalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalności	nietykalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalności	nietykalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalności	nietykalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalności	nietykalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalnościom	nietykalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalność	nietykalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalność	nietykalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykalna	nietykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietykalną	nietykalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietykalną	nietykalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietykalnego	nietykalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietykalnego	nietykalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykalnej	nietykalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietykalnej	nietykalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietykalnej	nietykalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietykalnemu	nietykalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykalne	nietykalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykalne	nietykalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykalne	nietykalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietykalne	nietykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietykalni	nietykalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietykalno	nietykalny	adja		
nietykalnych	nietykalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietykalnych	nietykalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykalnych	nietykalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykalnymi	nietykalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykalnym	nietykalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykalnym	nietykalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykalnym	nietykalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykalny	nietykalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietykalny	nietykalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietykocińscy	nietykociński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietykocińska	nietykociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietykocińską	nietykociński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietykocińską	nietykociński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietykocińskich	nietykociński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietykocińskich	nietykociński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykocińskich	nietykociński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykocińskiego	nietykociński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietykocińskiego	nietykociński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykocińskiej	nietykociński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietykocińskiej	nietykociński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietykocińskiej	nietykociński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietykocińskiemu	nietykociński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykocińskie	nietykociński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykocińskie	nietykociński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykocińskie	nietykociński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietykocińskie	nietykociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietykocińskimi	nietykociński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykocińskim	nietykociński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykocińskim	nietykociński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykocińskim	nietykociński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykociński	nietykociński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietykociński	nietykociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietykocińsko	nietykocińsko	adv:pos		
nietykocińskościach	nietykocińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskościami	nietykocińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskością	nietykocińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskości	nietykocińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskości	nietykocińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskości	nietykocińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskości	nietykocińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskości	nietykocińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskościom	nietykocińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskość	nietykocińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykocińskość	nietykocińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatościach	nietykowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatościami	nietykowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatością	nietykowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatości	nietykowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatości	nietykowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatości	nietykowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatości	nietykowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatości	nietykowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatościom	nietykowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatość	nietykowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowatość	nietykowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykowaci	nietykowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietykowata	nietykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietykowatą	nietykowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietykowatą	nietykowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietykowatego	nietykowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietykowatego	nietykowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykowatej	nietykowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietykowatej	nietykowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietykowatej	nietykowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietykowatemu	nietykowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykowate	nietykowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykowate	nietykowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykowate	nietykowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietykowate	nietykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietykowatych	nietykowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietykowatych	nietykowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykowatych	nietykowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykowatymi	nietykowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykowatym	nietykowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykowatym	nietykowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykowatym	nietykowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykowaty	nietykowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietykowaty	nietykowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietykwowościach	nietykwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowościami	nietykwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowością	nietykwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowości	nietykwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowości	nietykwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowości	nietykwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowości	nietykwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowości	nietykwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowościom	nietykwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowość	nietykwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowość	nietykwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietykwowa	nietykwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietykwową	nietykwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietykwową	nietykwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietykwowego	nietykwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietykwowego	nietykwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykwowej	nietykwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietykwowej	nietykwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietykwowej	nietykwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietykwowemu	nietykwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykwowe	nietykwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykwowe	nietykwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykwowe	nietykwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietykwowe	nietykwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietykwowi	nietykwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietykwowych	nietykwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietykwowych	nietykwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykwowych	nietykwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykwowymi	nietykwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykwowym	nietykwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietykwowym	nietykwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykwowym	nietykwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietykwowy	nietykwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietykwowy	nietykwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylekrotnie	nietylekrotnie	adv:pos		
nietylekrotnościach	nietylekrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotnościami	nietylekrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotnością	nietylekrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotności	nietylekrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotności	nietylekrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotności	nietylekrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotności	nietylekrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotności	nietylekrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotnościom	nietylekrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotność	nietylekrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotność	nietylekrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylekrotna	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylekrotną	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylekrotną	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylekrotnego	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylekrotnego	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylekrotnej	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylekrotnej	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylekrotnej	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylekrotnemu	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylekrotne	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylekrotne	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylekrotne	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylekrotne	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylekrotni	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylekrotnych	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylekrotnych	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylekrotnych	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylekrotnymi	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylekrotnym	nietylekrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylekrotnym	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylekrotnym	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylekrotny	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylekrotny	nietylekrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylelicznościach	nietyleliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylelicznościami	nietyleliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylelicznością	nietyleliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczności	nietyleliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczności	nietyleliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczności	nietyleliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczności	nietyleliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczności	nietyleliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylelicznościom	nietyleliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczność	nietyleliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczność	nietyleliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleliczna	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyleliczną	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyleliczną	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylelicznego	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylelicznego	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylelicznej	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylelicznej	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylelicznej	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylelicznemu	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyleliczne	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleliczne	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleliczne	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyleliczne	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyleliczni	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylelicznych	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylelicznych	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylelicznych	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylelicznymi	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylelicznym	nietyleliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylelicznym	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylelicznym	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyleliczny	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyleliczny	nietyleliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyleżkrotnie	nietyleżkrotnie	adv:pos		
nietyleżkrotnościach	nietyleżkrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotnościami	nietyleżkrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotnością	nietyleżkrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotności	nietyleżkrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotności	nietyleżkrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotności	nietyleżkrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotności	nietyleżkrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotności	nietyleżkrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotnościom	nietyleżkrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotność	nietyleżkrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotność	nietyleżkrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyleżkrotna	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyleżkrotną	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyleżkrotną	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyleżkrotnego	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyleżkrotnego	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotnej	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyleżkrotnej	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyleżkrotnej	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyleżkrotnemu	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotne	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotne	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotne	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyleżkrotne	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyleżkrotni	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyleżkrotnych	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyleżkrotnych	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotnych	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotnymi	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotnym	nietyleżkrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotnym	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotnym	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyleżkrotny	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyleżkrotny	nietyleżkrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyla	nietyli	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylą	nietyli	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylą	nietyli	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylego	nietyli	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylego	nietyli	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylej	nietyli	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylej	nietyli	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylej	nietyli	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylemu	nietyli	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyle	nietyli	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyle	nietyli	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyle	nietyli	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyle	nietyli	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylich	nietyli	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylich	nietyli	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylich	nietyli	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylimi	nietyli	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylim	nietyli	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylim	nietyli	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylim	nietyli	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyli	nietyli	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyli	nietyli	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyli	nietyli	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylnojęzykowościach	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowościami	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowością	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowości	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowości	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowości	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowości	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowości	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowościom	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowość	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowość	nietylnojęzykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnojęzykowa	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylnojęzykową	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylnojęzykową	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylnojęzykowego	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylnojęzykowego	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowej	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylnojęzykowej	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylnojęzykowej	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylnojęzykowemu	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowe	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowe	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowe	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowe	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowi	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylnojęzykowych	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylnojęzykowych	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowych	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowymi	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowym	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowym	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowym	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylnojęzykowy	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylnojęzykowy	nietylnojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylnościach	nietylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnościami	nietylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnością	nietylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylności	nietylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylności	nietylność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylności	nietylność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylności	nietylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylności	nietylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylnościom	nietylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylność	nietylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylność	nietylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylna	nietylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylną	nietylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylną	nietylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylnego	nietylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylnego	nietylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylnej	nietylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylnej	nietylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylnej	nietylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylnemu	nietylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylne	nietylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylne	nietylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylne	nietylny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylne	nietylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylni	nietylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylnych	nietylny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylnych	nietylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnych	nietylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnymi	nietylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnym	nietylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylnym	nietylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylnym	nietylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylny	nietylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylny	nietylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylodniowościach	nietylodniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowościami	nietylodniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowością	nietylodniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowości	nietylodniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowości	nietylodniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowości	nietylodniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowości	nietylodniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowości	nietylodniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowościom	nietylodniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowość	nietylodniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowość	nietylodniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylodniowa	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylodniową	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylodniową	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylodniowego	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylodniowego	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylodniowej	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylodniowej	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylodniowej	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylodniowemu	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylodniowe	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylodniowe	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylodniowe	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylodniowe	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylodniowi	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylodniowych	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylodniowych	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylodniowych	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylodniowymi	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylodniowym	nietylodniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylodniowym	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylodniowym	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylodniowy	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylodniowy	nietylodniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylogodzinnościach	nietylogodzinność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinnościami	nietylogodzinność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinnością	nietylogodzinność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinności	nietylogodzinność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinności	nietylogodzinność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinności	nietylogodzinność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinności	nietylogodzinność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinności	nietylogodzinność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinnościom	nietylogodzinność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinność	nietylogodzinność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinność	nietylogodzinność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylogodzinna	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylogodzinną	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylogodzinną	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylogodzinnego	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylogodzinnego	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylogodzinnej	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylogodzinnej	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylogodzinnej	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylogodzinnemu	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylogodzinne	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylogodzinne	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylogodzinne	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylogodzinne	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylogodzinni	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylogodzinnych	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylogodzinnych	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylogodzinnych	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylogodzinnymi	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylogodzinnym	nietylogodzinny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylogodzinnym	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylogodzinnym	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylogodzinny	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylogodzinny	nietylogodzinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylokrotnie	nietylokrotnie	adv:pos		
nietylokrotnościach	nietylokrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotnościami	nietylokrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotnością	nietylokrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotności	nietylokrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotności	nietylokrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotności	nietylokrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotności	nietylokrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotności	nietylokrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotnościom	nietylokrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotność	nietylokrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotność	nietylokrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylokrotna	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylokrotną	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylokrotną	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylokrotnego	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylokrotnego	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylokrotnej	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylokrotnej	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylokrotnej	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylokrotnemu	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylokrotne	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylokrotne	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylokrotne	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylokrotne	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylokrotni	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylokrotnych	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylokrotnych	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylokrotnych	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylokrotnymi	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylokrotnym	nietylokrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylokrotnym	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylokrotnym	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylokrotny	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylokrotny	nietylokrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyloletnia	nietyloletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyloletnią	nietyloletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyloletnią	nietyloletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyloletnich	nietyloletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyloletnich	nietyloletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloletnich	nietyloletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloletniego	nietyloletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyloletniego	nietyloletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyloletniej	nietyloletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyloletniej	nietyloletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyloletniej	nietyloletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyloletniemu	nietyloletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyloletnie	nietyloletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloletnie	nietyloletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloletnie	nietyloletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyloletnie	nietyloletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyloletnimi	nietyloletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloletnim	nietyloletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloletnim	nietyloletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyloletnim	nietyloletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyloletni	nietyloletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyloletni	nietyloletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyloletni	nietyloletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyloletniościach	nietyloletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniościami	nietyloletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniością	nietyloletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniości	nietyloletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniości	nietyloletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniości	nietyloletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniości	nietyloletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniości	nietyloletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniościom	nietyloletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniość	nietyloletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloletniość	nietyloletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylolicznościach	nietyloliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylolicznościami	nietyloliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylolicznością	nietyloliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczności	nietyloliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczności	nietyloliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczności	nietyloliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczności	nietyloliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczności	nietyloliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylolicznościom	nietyloliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczność	nietyloliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczność	nietyloliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyloliczna	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyloliczną	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyloliczną	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylolicznego	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylolicznego	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylolicznej	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylolicznej	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylolicznej	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylolicznemu	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyloliczne	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloliczne	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyloliczne	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyloliczne	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyloliczni	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylolicznych	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylolicznych	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylolicznych	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylolicznymi	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylolicznym	nietyloliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylolicznym	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylolicznym	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyloliczny	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyloliczny	nietyloliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyloracy	nietyloraki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyloraka	nietyloraki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyloraką	nietyloraki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyloraką	nietyloraki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylorakich	nietyloraki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylorakich	nietyloraki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylorakich	nietyloraki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylorakiego	nietyloraki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylorakiego	nietyloraki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylorakiej	nietyloraki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylorakiej	nietyloraki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylorakiej	nietyloraki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylorakiemu	nietyloraki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylorakie	nietyloraki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylorakie	nietyloraki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylorakie	nietyloraki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylorakie	nietyloraki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylorakimi	nietyloraki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylorakim	nietyloraki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylorakim	nietyloraki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylorakim	nietyloraki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyloraki	nietyloraki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyloraki	nietyloraki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylorako	nietylorako	adv:pos		
nietylorakościach	nietylorakość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakościami	nietylorakość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakością	nietylorakość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakości	nietylorakość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakości	nietylorakość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakości	nietylorakość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakości	nietylorakość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakości	nietylorakość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakościom	nietylorakość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakość	nietylorakość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylorakość	nietylorakość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronnościach	nietylostronność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronnościami	nietylostronność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronnością	nietylostronność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronności	nietylostronność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronności	nietylostronność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronności	nietylostronność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronności	nietylostronność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronności	nietylostronność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronnościom	nietylostronność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronność	nietylostronność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronność	nietylostronność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylostronna	nietylostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylostronną	nietylostronny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylostronną	nietylostronny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylostronnego	nietylostronny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylostronnego	nietylostronny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylostronnej	nietylostronny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylostronnej	nietylostronny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylostronnej	nietylostronny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylostronnemu	nietylostronny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylostronne	nietylostronny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylostronne	nietylostronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylostronne	nietylostronny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylostronne	nietylostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylostronni	nietylostronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylostronnych	nietylostronny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylostronnych	nietylostronny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylostronnych	nietylostronny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylostronnymi	nietylostronny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylostronnym	nietylostronny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylostronnym	nietylostronny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylostronnym	nietylostronny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylostronny	nietylostronny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylostronny	nietylostronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylościach	nietylość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylościami	nietylość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylością	nietylość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylości	nietylość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylości	nietylość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylości	nietylość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylości	nietylość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylości	nietylość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylościom	nietylość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylość	nietylość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylość	nietylość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiecznościach	nietylowieczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiecznościami	nietylowieczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiecznością	nietylowieczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczności	nietylowieczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczności	nietylowieczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczności	nietylowieczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczności	nietylowieczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczności	nietylowieczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiecznościom	nietylowieczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczność	nietylowieczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczność	nietylowieczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowieczna	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylowieczną	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylowieczną	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylowiecznego	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylowiecznego	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowiecznej	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylowiecznej	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylowiecznej	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylowiecznemu	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowieczne	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowieczne	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowieczne	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylowieczne	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylowieczni	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylowiecznych	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylowiecznych	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiecznych	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiecznymi	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiecznym	nietylowieczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiecznym	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowiecznym	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowieczny	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylowieczny	nietylowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylowiekowościach	nietylowiekowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowościami	nietylowiekowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowością	nietylowiekowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowości	nietylowiekowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowości	nietylowiekowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowości	nietylowiekowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowości	nietylowiekowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowości	nietylowiekowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowościom	nietylowiekowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowość	nietylowiekowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowość	nietylowiekowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylowiekowa	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylowiekową	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylowiekową	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylowiekowego	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylowiekowego	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowiekowej	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylowiekowej	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylowiekowej	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylowiekowemu	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowiekowe	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiekowe	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiekowe	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylowiekowe	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylowiekowi	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylowiekowych	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylowiekowych	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiekowych	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiekowymi	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiekowym	nietylowiekowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylowiekowym	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowiekowym	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylowiekowy	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylowiekowy	nietylowiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyluletnia	nietyluletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyluletnią	nietyluletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyluletnią	nietyluletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyluletnich	nietyluletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyluletnich	nietyluletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyluletnich	nietyluletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyluletniego	nietyluletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyluletniego	nietyluletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyluletniej	nietyluletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyluletniej	nietyluletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyluletniej	nietyluletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyluletniemu	nietyluletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyluletnie	nietyluletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyluletnie	nietyluletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyluletnie	nietyluletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyluletnie	nietyluletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyluletnimi	nietyluletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyluletnim	nietyluletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyluletnim	nietyluletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyluletnim	nietyluletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyluletni	nietyluletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyluletni	nietyluletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyluletni	nietyluletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyluletniościach	nietyluletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniościami	nietyluletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniością	nietyluletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniości	nietyluletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniości	nietyluletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniości	nietyluletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniości	nietyluletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniości	nietyluletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniościom	nietyluletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniość	nietyluletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyluletniość	nietyluletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńcy	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylusieńka	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylusieńką	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylusieńką	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylusieńkich	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylusieńkich	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylusieńkich	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylusieńkiego	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylusieńkiego	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylusieńkiej	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylusieńkiej	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylusieńkiej	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylusieńkiemu	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylusieńkie	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylusieńkie	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylusieńkie	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylusieńkie	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylusieńkimi	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylusieńkim	nietylusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylusieńkim	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylusieńkim	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylusieńki	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylusieńki	nietylusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylusieńko	nietylusieńko	adv:pos		
nietylusieńkościach	nietylusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkościami	nietylusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkością	nietylusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkości	nietylusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkości	nietylusieńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkości	nietylusieńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkości	nietylusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkości	nietylusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkościom	nietylusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkość	nietylusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylusieńkość	nietylusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyccy	nietylżycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietylżycka	nietylżycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietylżycką	nietylżycki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietylżycką	nietylżycki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietylżyckich	nietylżycki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietylżyckich	nietylżycki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylżyckich	nietylżycki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylżyckiego	nietylżycki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietylżyckiego	nietylżycki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylżyckiej	nietylżycki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietylżyckiej	nietylżycki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietylżyckiej	nietylżycki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietylżyckiemu	nietylżycki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylżyckie	nietylżycki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylżyckie	nietylżycki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylżyckie	nietylżycki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietylżyckie	nietylżycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietylżyckimi	nietylżycki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylżyckim	nietylżycki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietylżyckim	nietylżycki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylżyckim	nietylżycki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietylżycki	nietylżycki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietylżycki	nietylżycki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietylżycko	nietylżycko	adv:pos		
nietylżyckościach	nietylżyckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckościami	nietylżyckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckością	nietylżyckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckości	nietylżyckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckości	nietylżyckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckości	nietylżyckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckości	nietylżyckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckości	nietylżyckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckościom	nietylżyckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckość	nietylżyckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietylżyckość	nietylżyckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelnościach	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelnościami	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelnością	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelności	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelności	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelności	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelności	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelności	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelnościom	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelność	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelność	nietyłoskrzelność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłoskrzelna	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyłoskrzelną	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyłoskrzelną	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnego	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnego	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnej	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnej	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnej	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnemu	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelne	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelne	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelne	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelne	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelni	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnych	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnych	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnych	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnymi	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnym	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnym	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelnym	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłoskrzelny	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyłoskrzelny	nietyłoskrzelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyłowościach	nietyłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowościami	nietyłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowością	nietyłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowości	nietyłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowości	nietyłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowości	nietyłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowości	nietyłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowości	nietyłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowościom	nietyłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowość	nietyłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowość	nietyłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyłowa	nietyłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyłową	nietyłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyłową	nietyłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyłowego	nietyłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyłowego	nietyłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłowej	nietyłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyłowej	nietyłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyłowej	nietyłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyłowemu	nietyłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłowe	nietyłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłowe	nietyłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłowe	nietyłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyłowe	nietyłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyłowi	nietyłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyłowych	nietyłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyłowych	nietyłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłowych	nietyłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłowymi	nietyłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłowym	nietyłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyłowym	nietyłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłowym	nietyłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyłowy	nietyłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyłowy	nietyłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietymbarscy	nietymbarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietymbarska	nietymbarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietymbarską	nietymbarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietymbarską	nietymbarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietymbarskich	nietymbarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietymbarskich	nietymbarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymbarskich	nietymbarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymbarskiego	nietymbarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietymbarskiego	nietymbarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymbarskiej	nietymbarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietymbarskiej	nietymbarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietymbarskiej	nietymbarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietymbarskiemu	nietymbarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymbarskie	nietymbarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymbarskie	nietymbarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymbarskie	nietymbarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietymbarskie	nietymbarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietymbarskimi	nietymbarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymbarskim	nietymbarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymbarskim	nietymbarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymbarskim	nietymbarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymbarski	nietymbarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietymbarski	nietymbarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietymbarsko	nietymbarsko	adv:pos		
nietymbarskościach	nietymbarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskościami	nietymbarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskością	nietymbarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskości	nietymbarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskości	nietymbarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskości	nietymbarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskości	nietymbarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskości	nietymbarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskościom	nietymbarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskość	nietymbarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymbarskość	nietymbarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowie	nietymczasowie	adv:pos		
nietymczasowo	nietymczasowo	adv:pos		
nietymczasowościach	nietymczasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowościami	nietymczasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowością	nietymczasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowości	nietymczasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowości	nietymczasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowości	nietymczasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowości	nietymczasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowości	nietymczasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowościom	nietymczasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowość	nietymczasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowość	nietymczasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymczasowa	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietymczasową	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietymczasową	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietymczasowego	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietymczasowego	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymczasowej	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietymczasowej	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietymczasowej	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietymczasowemu	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymczasowe	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymczasowe	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymczasowe	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietymczasowe	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietymczasowi	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietymczasowych	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietymczasowych	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymczasowych	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymczasowymi	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymczasowym	nietymczasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymczasowym	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymczasowym	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymczasowy	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietymczasowy	nietymczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietymiankowościach	nietymiankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowościami	nietymiankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowością	nietymiankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowości	nietymiankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowości	nietymiankowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowości	nietymiankowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowości	nietymiankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowości	nietymiankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowościom	nietymiankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowość	nietymiankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowość	nietymiankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietymiankowa	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietymiankową	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietymiankową	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietymiankowego	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietymiankowego	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymiankowej	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietymiankowej	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietymiankowej	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietymiankowemu	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymiankowe	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymiankowe	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymiankowe	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietymiankowe	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietymiankowi	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietymiankowych	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietymiankowych	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymiankowych	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymiankowymi	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymiankowym	nietymiankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietymiankowym	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymiankowym	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietymiankowy	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietymiankowy	nietymiankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietynieccy	nietyniecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyniecka	nietyniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyniecką	nietyniecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyniecką	nietyniecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietynieckich	nietyniecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietynieckich	nietyniecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynieckich	nietyniecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynieckiego	nietyniecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietynieckiego	nietyniecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynieckiej	nietyniecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietynieckiej	nietyniecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietynieckiej	nietyniecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietynieckiemu	nietyniecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynieckie	nietyniecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynieckie	nietyniecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynieckie	nietyniecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietynieckie	nietyniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietynieckimi	nietyniecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynieckim	nietyniecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynieckim	nietyniecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynieckim	nietyniecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyniecki	nietyniecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyniecki	nietyniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyniecko	nietyniecko	adv:pos		
nietynieckościach	nietynieckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckościami	nietynieckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckością	nietynieckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckości	nietynieckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckości	nietynieckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckości	nietynieckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckości	nietynieckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckości	nietynieckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckościom	nietynieckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckość	nietynieckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynieckość	nietynieckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarscy	nietynkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietynkarska	nietynkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietynkarską	nietynkarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietynkarską	nietynkarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietynkarskich	nietynkarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietynkarskich	nietynkarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkarskich	nietynkarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkarskiego	nietynkarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietynkarskiego	nietynkarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkarskiej	nietynkarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietynkarskiej	nietynkarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietynkarskiej	nietynkarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietynkarskiemu	nietynkarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkarskie	nietynkarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkarskie	nietynkarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkarskie	nietynkarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietynkarskie	nietynkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietynkarskimi	nietynkarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkarskim	nietynkarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkarskim	nietynkarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkarskim	nietynkarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkarski	nietynkarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietynkarski	nietynkarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietynkarsko	nietynkarsko	adv:pos		
nietynkarskościach	nietynkarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskościami	nietynkarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskością	nietynkarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskości	nietynkarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskości	nietynkarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskości	nietynkarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskości	nietynkarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskości	nietynkarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskościom	nietynkarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskość	nietynkarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkarskość	nietynkarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowościach	nietynkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowościami	nietynkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowością	nietynkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowości	nietynkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowości	nietynkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowości	nietynkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowości	nietynkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowości	nietynkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowościom	nietynkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowość	nietynkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowość	nietynkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietynkowa	nietynkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietynkową	nietynkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietynkową	nietynkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietynkowego	nietynkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietynkowego	nietynkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkowej	nietynkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietynkowej	nietynkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietynkowej	nietynkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietynkowemu	nietynkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkowe	nietynkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkowe	nietynkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkowe	nietynkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietynkowe	nietynkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietynkowi	nietynkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietynkowych	nietynkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietynkowych	nietynkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkowych	nietynkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkowymi	nietynkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkowym	nietynkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietynkowym	nietynkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkowym	nietynkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietynkowy	nietynkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietynkowy	nietynkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietypograficznie	nietypograficznie	adv:pos		
nietypograficznościach	nietypograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficznościami	nietypograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficznością	nietypograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzności	nietypograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzności	nietypograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzności	nietypograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzności	nietypograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzności	nietypograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficznościom	nietypograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzność	nietypograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzność	nietypograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypograficzna	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietypograficzną	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietypograficzną	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietypograficznego	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietypograficznego	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypograficznej	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietypograficznej	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietypograficznej	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietypograficznemu	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypograficzne	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypograficzne	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypograficzne	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietypograficzne	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietypograficzni	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietypograficznych	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietypograficznych	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypograficznych	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypograficznymi	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypograficznym	nietypograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypograficznym	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypograficznym	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypograficzny	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietypograficzny	nietypograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietypografowościach	nietypografowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowościami	nietypografowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowością	nietypografowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowości	nietypografowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowości	nietypografowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowości	nietypografowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowości	nietypografowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowości	nietypografowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowościom	nietypografowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowość	nietypografowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowość	nietypografowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypografowa	nietypografowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietypografową	nietypografowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietypografową	nietypografowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietypografowego	nietypografowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietypografowego	nietypografowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypografowej	nietypografowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietypografowej	nietypografowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietypografowej	nietypografowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietypografowemu	nietypografowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypografowe	nietypografowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypografowe	nietypografowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypografowe	nietypografowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietypografowe	nietypografowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietypografowi	nietypografowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietypografowych	nietypografowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietypografowych	nietypografowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypografowych	nietypografowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypografowymi	nietypografowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypografowym	nietypografowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypografowym	nietypografowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypografowym	nietypografowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypografowy	nietypografowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietypografowy	nietypografowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietypolitograficznościach	nietypolitograficzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficznościami	nietypolitograficzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficznością	nietypolitograficzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzności	nietypolitograficzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzności	nietypolitograficzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzności	nietypolitograficzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzności	nietypolitograficzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzności	nietypolitograficzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficznościom	nietypolitograficzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzność	nietypolitograficzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzność	nietypolitograficzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypolitograficzna	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietypolitograficzną	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietypolitograficzną	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietypolitograficznego	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietypolitograficznego	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypolitograficznej	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietypolitograficznej	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietypolitograficznej	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietypolitograficznemu	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypolitograficzne	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypolitograficzne	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypolitograficzne	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietypolitograficzne	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietypolitograficzni	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietypolitograficznych	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietypolitograficznych	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypolitograficznych	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypolitograficznymi	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypolitograficznym	nietypolitograficzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypolitograficznym	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypolitograficznym	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypolitograficzny	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietypolitograficzny	nietypolitograficzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietypologicznie	nietypologicznie	adv:pos		
nietypologicznościach	nietypologiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologicznościami	nietypologiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologicznością	nietypologiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczności	nietypologiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczności	nietypologiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczności	nietypologiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczności	nietypologiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczności	nietypologiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologicznościom	nietypologiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczność	nietypologiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczność	nietypologiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypologiczna	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietypologiczną	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietypologiczną	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietypologicznego	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietypologicznego	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypologicznej	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietypologicznej	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietypologicznej	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietypologicznemu	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypologiczne	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypologiczne	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypologiczne	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietypologiczne	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietypologiczni	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietypologicznych	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietypologicznych	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypologicznych	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypologicznymi	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypologicznym	nietypologiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypologicznym	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypologicznym	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypologiczny	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietypologiczny	nietypologiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietypowo	nietypowo	adv:pos		
nietypowościach	nietypowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowościami	nietypowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowością	nietypowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowości	nietypowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowości	nietypowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowości	nietypowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowości	nietypowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowości	nietypowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowościom	nietypowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowość	nietypowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowość	nietypowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietypowa	nietypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietypową	nietypowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietypową	nietypowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietypowego	nietypowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietypowego	nietypowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypowej	nietypowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietypowej	nietypowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietypowej	nietypowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietypowemu	nietypowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypowe	nietypowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypowe	nietypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypowe	nietypowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietypowe	nietypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietypowi	nietypowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietypowych	nietypowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietypowych	nietypowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypowych	nietypowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypowymi	nietypowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypowym	nietypowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietypowym	nietypowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypowym	nietypowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietypowy	nietypowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietypowy	nietypowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyralierscy	nietyralierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyralierska	nietyralierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyralierską	nietyralierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyralierską	nietyralierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyralierskich	nietyralierski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyralierskich	nietyralierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyralierskich	nietyralierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyralierskiego	nietyralierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyralierskiego	nietyralierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyralierskiej	nietyralierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyralierskiej	nietyralierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyralierskiej	nietyralierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyralierskiemu	nietyralierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyralierskie	nietyralierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyralierskie	nietyralierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyralierskie	nietyralierski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyralierskie	nietyralierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyralierskimi	nietyralierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyralierskim	nietyralierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyralierskim	nietyralierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyralierskim	nietyralierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyralierski	nietyralierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyralierski	nietyralierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyraliersko	nietyraliersko	adv:pos		
nietyralierskościach	nietyralierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskościami	nietyralierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskością	nietyralierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskości	nietyralierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskości	nietyralierskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskości	nietyralierskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskości	nietyralierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskości	nietyralierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskościom	nietyralierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskość	nietyralierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyralierskość	nietyralierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyranicznie	nietyranicznie	adv:pos		
nietyranicznościach	nietyraniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyranicznościami	nietyraniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyranicznością	nietyraniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczności	nietyraniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczności	nietyraniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczności	nietyraniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczności	nietyraniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczności	nietyraniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyranicznościom	nietyraniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczność	nietyraniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczność	nietyraniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyraniczna	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyraniczną	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyraniczną	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyranicznego	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyranicznego	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyranicznej	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyranicznej	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyranicznej	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyranicznemu	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyraniczne	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyraniczne	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyraniczne	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyraniczne	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyraniczni	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyranicznych	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyranicznych	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyranicznych	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyranicznymi	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyranicznym	nietyraniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyranicznym	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyranicznym	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyraniczny	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyraniczny	nietyraniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyrańscy	nietyrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyrańska	nietyrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyrańską	nietyrański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyrańską	nietyrański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyrańskich	nietyrański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyrańskich	nietyrański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrańskich	nietyrański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrańskiego	nietyrański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyrańskiego	nietyrański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrańskiej	nietyrański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyrańskiej	nietyrański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyrańskiej	nietyrański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyrańskiemu	nietyrański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrańskie	nietyrański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrańskie	nietyrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrańskie	nietyrański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyrańskie	nietyrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyrańskimi	nietyrański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrańskim	nietyrański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrańskim	nietyrański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrańskim	nietyrański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrański	nietyrański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyrański	nietyrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyrańsko	nietyrańsko	adv:pos		
nietyrańskościach	nietyrańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskościami	nietyrańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskością	nietyrańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskości	nietyrańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskości	nietyrańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskości	nietyrańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskości	nietyrańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskości	nietyrańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskościom	nietyrańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskość	nietyrańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrańskość	nietyrańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawscy	nietyrawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyrawska	nietyrawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyrawską	nietyrawski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyrawską	nietyrawski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyrawskich	nietyrawski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyrawskich	nietyrawski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrawskich	nietyrawski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrawskiego	nietyrawski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyrawskiego	nietyrawski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrawskiej	nietyrawski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyrawskiej	nietyrawski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyrawskiej	nietyrawski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyrawskiemu	nietyrawski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrawskie	nietyrawski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrawskie	nietyrawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrawskie	nietyrawski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyrawskie	nietyrawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyrawskimi	nietyrawski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrawskim	nietyrawski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrawskim	nietyrawski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrawskim	nietyrawski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrawski	nietyrawski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyrawski	nietyrawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyrawsko	nietyrawsko	adv:pos		
nietyrawskościach	nietyrawskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskościami	nietyrawskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskością	nietyrawskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskości	nietyrawskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskości	nietyrawskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskości	nietyrawskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskości	nietyrawskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskości	nietyrawskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskościom	nietyrawskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskość	nietyrawskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrawskość	nietyrawskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowscy	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyrnowska	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyrnowską	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyrnowską	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyrnowskich	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyrnowskich	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrnowskich	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrnowskiego	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyrnowskiego	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrnowskiej	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyrnowskiej	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyrnowskiej	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyrnowskiemu	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrnowskie	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrnowskie	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrnowskie	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyrnowskie	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyrnowskimi	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrnowskim	nietyrnowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrnowskim	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrnowskim	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrnowski	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyrnowski	nietyrnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyrnowsko	nietyrnowsko	adv:pos		
nietyrnowskościach	nietyrnowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskościami	nietyrnowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskością	nietyrnowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskości	nietyrnowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskości	nietyrnowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskości	nietyrnowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskości	nietyrnowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskości	nietyrnowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskościom	nietyrnowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskość	nietyrnowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrnowskość	nietyrnowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolscy	nietyrolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyrolska	nietyrolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyrolską	nietyrolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyrolską	nietyrolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyrolskich	nietyrolski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyrolskich	nietyrolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrolskich	nietyrolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrolskiego	nietyrolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyrolskiego	nietyrolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrolskiej	nietyrolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyrolskiej	nietyrolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyrolskiej	nietyrolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyrolskiemu	nietyrolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrolskie	nietyrolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrolskie	nietyrolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrolskie	nietyrolski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyrolskie	nietyrolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyrolskimi	nietyrolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrolskim	nietyrolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrolskim	nietyrolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrolskim	nietyrolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrolski	nietyrolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyrolski	nietyrolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyrolsko	nietyrolsko	adv:pos		
nietyrolskościach	nietyrolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskościami	nietyrolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskością	nietyrolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskości	nietyrolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskości	nietyrolskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskości	nietyrolskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskości	nietyrolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskości	nietyrolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskościom	nietyrolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskość	nietyrolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrolskość	nietyrolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńscy	nietyrreński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyrreńska	nietyrreński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyrreńską	nietyrreński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyrreńską	nietyrreński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyrreńskich	nietyrreński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyrreńskich	nietyrreński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrreńskich	nietyrreński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrreńskiego	nietyrreński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyrreńskiego	nietyrreński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrreńskiej	nietyrreński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyrreńskiej	nietyrreński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyrreńskiej	nietyrreński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyrreńskiemu	nietyrreński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrreńskie	nietyrreński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrreńskie	nietyrreński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrreńskie	nietyrreński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyrreńskie	nietyrreński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyrreńskimi	nietyrreński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrreńskim	nietyrreński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrreńskim	nietyrreński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrreńskim	nietyrreński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrreński	nietyrreński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyrreński	nietyrreński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyrreńsko	nietyrreńsko	adv:pos		
nietyrreńskościach	nietyrreńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskościami	nietyrreńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskością	nietyrreńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskości	nietyrreńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskości	nietyrreńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskości	nietyrreńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskości	nietyrreńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskości	nietyrreńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskościom	nietyrreńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskość	nietyrreńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrreńskość	nietyrreńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejscy	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyrtejska	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyrtejską	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyrtejską	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyrtejskich	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyrtejskich	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrtejskich	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrtejskiego	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyrtejskiego	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrtejskiej	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyrtejskiej	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyrtejskiej	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyrtejskiemu	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrtejskie	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrtejskie	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrtejskie	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyrtejskie	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyrtejskimi	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrtejskim	nietyrtejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrtejskim	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrtejskim	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrtejski	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyrtejski	nietyrtejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyrtejsko	nietyrtejsko	adv:pos		
nietyrtejskościach	nietyrtejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskościami	nietyrtejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskością	nietyrtejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskości	nietyrtejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskości	nietyrtejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskości	nietyrtejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskości	nietyrtejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskości	nietyrtejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskościom	nietyrtejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskość	nietyrtejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrtejskość	nietyrtejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjscy	nietyryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyryjska	nietyryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyryjską	nietyryjski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyryjską	nietyryjski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyryjskich	nietyryjski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyryjskich	nietyryjski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyryjskich	nietyryjski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyryjskiego	nietyryjski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyryjskiego	nietyryjski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyryjskiej	nietyryjski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyryjskiej	nietyryjski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyryjskiej	nietyryjski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyryjskiemu	nietyryjski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyryjskie	nietyryjski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyryjskie	nietyryjski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyryjskie	nietyryjski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyryjskie	nietyryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyryjskimi	nietyryjski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyryjskim	nietyryjski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyryjskim	nietyryjski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyryjskim	nietyryjski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyryjski	nietyryjski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyryjski	nietyryjski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyryjsko	nietyryjsko	adv:pos		
nietyryjskościach	nietyryjskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskościami	nietyryjskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskością	nietyryjskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskości	nietyryjskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskości	nietyryjskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskości	nietyryjskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskości	nietyryjskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskości	nietyryjskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskościom	nietyryjskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskość	nietyryjskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyryjskość	nietyryjskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowościach	nietyrystorowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowościami	nietyrystorowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowością	nietyrystorowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowości	nietyrystorowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowości	nietyrystorowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowości	nietyrystorowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowości	nietyrystorowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowości	nietyrystorowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowościom	nietyrystorowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowość	nietyrystorowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowość	nietyrystorowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyrystorowa	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyrystorową	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyrystorową	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyrystorowego	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyrystorowego	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrystorowej	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyrystorowej	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyrystorowej	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyrystorowemu	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrystorowe	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrystorowe	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrystorowe	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyrystorowe	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyrystorowi	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyrystorowych	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyrystorowych	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrystorowych	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrystorowymi	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrystorowym	nietyrystorowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyrystorowym	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrystorowym	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyrystorowy	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyrystorowy	nietyrystorowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącgardłowościach	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowościami	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowością	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowości	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowości	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowości	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowości	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowości	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowościom	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowość	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowość	nietysiącgardłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgardłowa	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiącgardłową	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiącgardłową	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiącgardłowego	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiącgardłowego	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowej	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiącgardłowej	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiącgardłowej	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiącgardłowemu	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowe	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowe	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowe	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowe	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowi	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiącgardłowych	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiącgardłowych	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowych	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowymi	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowym	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowym	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowym	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgardłowy	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiącgardłowy	nietysiącgardłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącgłowościach	nietysiącgłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowościami	nietysiącgłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowością	nietysiącgłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowości	nietysiącgłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowości	nietysiącgłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowości	nietysiącgłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowości	nietysiącgłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowości	nietysiącgłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowościom	nietysiącgłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowość	nietysiącgłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowość	nietysiącgłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącgłowa	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiącgłową	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiącgłową	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiącgłowego	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiącgłowego	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowej	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiącgłowej	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiącgłowej	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiącgłowemu	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowe	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowe	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowe	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiącgłowe	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiącgłowi	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiącgłowych	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiącgłowych	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowych	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowymi	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowym	nietysiącgłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowym	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowym	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącgłowy	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiącgłowy	nietysiącgłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiąchektarowościach	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowościami	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowością	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowości	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowości	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowości	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowości	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowości	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowościom	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowość	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowość	nietysiąchektarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąchektarowa	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiąchektarową	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiąchektarową	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiąchektarowego	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiąchektarowego	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowej	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiąchektarowej	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiąchektarowej	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiąchektarowemu	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowe	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowe	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowe	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowe	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowi	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiąchektarowych	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiąchektarowych	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowych	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowymi	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowym	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowym	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowym	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąchektarowy	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiąchektarowy	nietysiąchektarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowościach	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowościami	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowością	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowości	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowości	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowości	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowości	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowości	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowościom	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowość	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowość	nietysiąckilometrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckilometrowa	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiąckilometrową	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiąckilometrową	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowego	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowego	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowej	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowej	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowej	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowemu	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowe	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowe	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowe	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowe	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowi	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowych	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowych	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowych	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowymi	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowym	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowym	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowym	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowy	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiąckilometrowy	nietysiąckilometrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiąckrotnie	nietysiąckrotnie	adv:pos		
nietysiąckrotnościach	nietysiąckrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotnościami	nietysiąckrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotnością	nietysiąckrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotności	nietysiąckrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotności	nietysiąckrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotności	nietysiąckrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotności	nietysiąckrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotności	nietysiąckrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotnościom	nietysiąckrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotność	nietysiąckrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotność	nietysiąckrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiąckrotna	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiąckrotną	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiąckrotną	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiąckrotnego	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiąckrotnego	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotnej	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiąckrotnej	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiąckrotnej	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiąckrotnemu	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotne	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotne	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotne	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiąckrotne	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiąckrotni	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiąckrotnych	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiąckrotnych	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotnych	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotnymi	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotnym	nietysiąckrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotnym	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotnym	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiąckrotny	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiąckrotny	nietysiąckrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącletnia	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiącletnią	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiącletnią	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiącletnich	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiącletnich	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącletnich	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącletniego	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiącletniego	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącletniej	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiącletniej	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiącletniej	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiącletniemu	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącletnie	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącletnie	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącletnie	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiącletnie	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiącletnimi	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącletnim	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącletnim	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącletnim	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącletni	nietysiącletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiącletni	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiącletni	nietysiącletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącletniościach	nietysiącletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniościami	nietysiącletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniością	nietysiącletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniości	nietysiącletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniości	nietysiącletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniości	nietysiącletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniości	nietysiącletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniości	nietysiącletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniościom	nietysiącletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniość	nietysiącletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącletniość	nietysiącletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowościach	nietysiącogłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowościami	nietysiącogłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowością	nietysiącogłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowości	nietysiącogłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowości	nietysiącogłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowości	nietysiącogłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowości	nietysiącogłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowości	nietysiącogłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowościom	nietysiącogłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowość	nietysiącogłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowość	nietysiącogłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącogłowa	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiącogłową	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiącogłową	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiącogłowego	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiącogłowego	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowej	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiącogłowej	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiącogłowej	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiącogłowemu	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowe	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowe	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowe	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiącogłowe	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiącogłowi	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiącogłowych	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiącogłowych	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowych	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowymi	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowym	nietysiącogłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowym	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowym	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącogłowy	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiącogłowy	nietysiącogłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącoletnia	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiącoletnią	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiącoletnią	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiącoletnich	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiącoletnich	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącoletnich	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącoletniego	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiącoletniego	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącoletniej	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiącoletniej	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiącoletniej	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiącoletniemu	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącoletnie	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącoletnie	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącoletnie	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiącoletnie	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiącoletnimi	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącoletnim	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącoletnim	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącoletnim	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącoletni	nietysiącoletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiącoletni	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiącoletni	nietysiącoletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącoletniościach	nietysiącoletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniościami	nietysiącoletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniością	nietysiącoletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniości	nietysiącoletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniości	nietysiącoletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniości	nietysiącoletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniości	nietysiącoletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniości	nietysiącoletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniościom	nietysiącoletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniość	nietysiącoletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącoletniość	nietysiącoletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowościach	nietysiącowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowościami	nietysiącowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowością	nietysiącowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowości	nietysiącowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowości	nietysiącowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowości	nietysiącowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowości	nietysiącowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowości	nietysiącowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowościom	nietysiącowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowość	nietysiącowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowość	nietysiącowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącowa	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiącową	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiącową	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiącowego	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiącowego	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącowej	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiącowej	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiącowej	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiącowemu	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącowe	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącowe	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącowe	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiącowe	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiącowi	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiącowych	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiącowych	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącowych	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącowymi	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącowym	nietysiącowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącowym	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącowym	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącowy	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiącowy	nietysiącowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącrako	nietysiącrako	adv:pos		
nietysiącrakościach	nietysiącrakość	subst:pl:loc:f		
nietysiącrakościami	nietysiącrakość	subst:pl:inst:f		
nietysiącrakością	nietysiącrakość	subst:sg:inst:f		
nietysiącrakości	nietysiącrakość	subst:pl:gen:f		
nietysiącrakości	nietysiącrakość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nietysiącrakości	nietysiącrakość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nietysiącrakości	nietysiącrakość	subst:sg:gen:f		
nietysiącrakości	nietysiącrakość	subst:sg:voc:f		
nietysiącrakościom	nietysiącrakość	subst:pl:dat:f		
nietysiącrakość	nietysiącrakość	subst:sg:acc:f		
nietysiącrakość	nietysiącrakość	subst:sg:nom:f		
nietysiączłotowościach	nietysiączłotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowościami	nietysiączłotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowością	nietysiączłotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowości	nietysiączłotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowości	nietysiączłotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowości	nietysiączłotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowości	nietysiączłotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowości	nietysiączłotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowościom	nietysiączłotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowość	nietysiączłotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowość	nietysiączłotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączłotowa	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiączłotową	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiączłotową	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiączłotowego	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiączłotowego	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowej	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiączłotowej	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiączłotowej	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiączłotowemu	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowe	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowe	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowe	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiączłotowe	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiączłotowi	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiączłotowych	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiączłotowych	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowych	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowymi	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowym	nietysiączłotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowym	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowym	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiączłotowy	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiączłotowy	nietysiączłotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysiącznościach	nietysiączność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącznościami	nietysiączność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącznością	nietysiączność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączności	nietysiączność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączności	nietysiączność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączności	nietysiączność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączności	nietysiączność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączności	nietysiączność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiącznościom	nietysiączność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączność	nietysiączność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączność	nietysiączność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysiączna	nietysiączny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysiączną	nietysiączny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysiączną	nietysiączny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysiącznego	nietysiączny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysiącznego	nietysiączny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącznej	nietysiączny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysiącznej	nietysiączny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysiącznej	nietysiączny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysiącznemu	nietysiączny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiączne	nietysiączny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączne	nietysiączny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiączne	nietysiączny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysiączne	nietysiączny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysiączni	nietysiączny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysiącznych	nietysiączny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysiącznych	nietysiączny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącznych	nietysiączny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącznymi	nietysiączny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącznym	nietysiączny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysiącznym	nietysiączny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiącznym	nietysiączny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysiączny	nietysiączny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysiączny	nietysiączny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysięcznościach	nietysięczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięcznościami	nietysięczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięcznością	nietysięczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczności	nietysięczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczności	nietysięczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczności	nietysięczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczności	nietysięczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczności	nietysięczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięcznościom	nietysięczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczność	nietysięczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczność	nietysięczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietysięczna	nietysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietysięczną	nietysięczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietysięczną	nietysięczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietysięcznego	nietysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietysięcznego	nietysięczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysięcznej	nietysięczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietysięcznej	nietysięczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietysięcznej	nietysięczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietysięcznemu	nietysięczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysięczne	nietysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysięczne	nietysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysięczne	nietysięczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietysięczne	nietysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietysięczni	nietysięczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietysięcznych	nietysięczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietysięcznych	nietysięczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysięcznych	nietysięczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysięcznymi	nietysięczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysięcznym	nietysięczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietysięcznym	nietysięczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysięcznym	nietysięczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietysięczny	nietysięczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietysięczny	nietysięczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyscy	nietyski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyska	nietyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyską	nietyski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyską	nietyski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyskich	nietyski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyskich	nietyski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyskich	nietyski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyskiego	nietyski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyskiego	nietyski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyskiej	nietyski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyskiej	nietyski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyskiej	nietyski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyskiemu	nietyski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyskie	nietyski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyskie	nietyski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyskie	nietyski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyskie	nietyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyskimi	nietyski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyskim	nietyski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyskim	nietyski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyskim	nietyski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyski	nietyski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyski	nietyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietysko	nietysko	adv:pos		
nietyskościach	nietyskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskościami	nietyskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskością	nietyskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskości	nietyskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskości	nietyskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskości	nietyskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskości	nietyskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskości	nietyskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskościom	nietyskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskość	nietyskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyskość	nietyskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieccy	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietyszowiecka	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietyszowiecką	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietyszowiecką	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietyszowieckich	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietyszowieckich	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyszowieckich	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyszowieckiego	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietyszowieckiego	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyszowieckiej	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietyszowieckiej	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietyszowieckiej	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietyszowieckiemu	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyszowieckie	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyszowieckie	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyszowieckie	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietyszowieckie	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietyszowieckimi	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyszowieckim	nietyszowiecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietyszowieckim	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyszowieckim	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietyszowiecki	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietyszowiecki	nietyszowiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietyszowiecko	nietyszowiecko	adv:pos		
nietyszowieckościach	nietyszowieckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckościami	nietyszowieckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckością	nietyszowieckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckości	nietyszowieckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckości	nietyszowieckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckości	nietyszowieckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckości	nietyszowieckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckości	nietyszowieckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckościom	nietyszowieckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckość	nietyszowieckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietyszowieckość	nietyszowieckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytania	nietytani	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytanią	nietytani	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytanią	nietytani	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytanich	nietytani	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytanich	nietytani	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanich	nietytani	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytaniego	nietytani	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytaniego	nietytani	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytaniej	nietytani	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytaniej	nietytani	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytaniej	nietytani	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytaniemu	nietytani	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanie	nietytani	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanie	nietytani	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanie	nietytani	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytanie	nietytani	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytanimi	nietytani	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanim	nietytani	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanim	nietytani	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanim	nietytani	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytani	nietytani	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytani	nietytani	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytani	nietytani	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietytanicznie	nietytanicznie	adv:pos		
nietytanicznościach	nietytaniczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanicznościami	nietytaniczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanicznością	nietytaniczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczności	nietytaniczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczności	nietytaniczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczności	nietytaniczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczności	nietytaniczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczności	nietytaniczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanicznościom	nietytaniczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczność	nietytaniczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczność	nietytaniczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniczna	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytaniczną	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytaniczną	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytanicznego	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytanicznego	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanicznej	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytanicznej	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytanicznej	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytanicznemu	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytaniczne	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytaniczne	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytaniczne	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytaniczne	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytaniczni	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytanicznych	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytanicznych	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanicznych	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanicznymi	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanicznym	nietytaniczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanicznym	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanicznym	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytaniczny	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytaniczny	nietytaniczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietytaniościach	nietytaniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniościami	nietytaniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniością	nietytaniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniości	nietytaniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniości	nietytaniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniości	nietytaniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniości	nietytaniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniości	nietytaniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniościom	nietytaniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniość	nietytaniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytaniość	nietytaniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowościach	nietytanitowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowościami	nietytanitowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowością	nietytanitowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowości	nietytanitowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowości	nietytanitowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowości	nietytanitowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowości	nietytanitowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowości	nietytanitowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowościom	nietytanitowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowość	nietytanitowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowość	nietytanitowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanitowa	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytanitową	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytanitową	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytanitowego	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytanitowego	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanitowej	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytanitowej	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytanitowej	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytanitowemu	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanitowe	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanitowe	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanitowe	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytanitowe	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytanitowi	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytanitowych	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytanitowych	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanitowych	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanitowymi	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanitowym	nietytanitowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanitowym	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanitowym	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanitowy	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytanitowy	nietytanitowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietytanowościach	nietytanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowościami	nietytanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowością	nietytanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowości	nietytanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowości	nietytanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowości	nietytanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowości	nietytanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowości	nietytanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowościom	nietytanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowość	nietytanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowość	nietytanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytanowa	nietytanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytanową	nietytanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytanową	nietytanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytanowego	nietytanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytanowego	nietytanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanowej	nietytanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytanowej	nietytanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytanowej	nietytanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytanowemu	nietytanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanowe	nietytanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanowe	nietytanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanowe	nietytanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytanowe	nietytanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytanowi	nietytanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytanowych	nietytanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytanowych	nietytanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanowych	nietytanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanowymi	nietytanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanowym	nietytanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytanowym	nietytanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanowym	nietytanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytanowy	nietytanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytanowy	nietytanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietytańscy	nietytański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytańska	nietytański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytańską	nietytański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytańską	nietytański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytańskich	nietytański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytańskich	nietytański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytańskich	nietytański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytańskiego	nietytański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytańskiego	nietytański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytańskiej	nietytański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytańskiej	nietytański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytańskiej	nietytański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytańskiemu	nietytański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytańskie	nietytański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytańskie	nietytański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytańskie	nietytański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytańskie	nietytański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytańskimi	nietytański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytańskim	nietytański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytańskim	nietytański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytańskim	nietytański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytański	nietytański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytański	nietytański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietytańsko	nietytańsko	adv:pos		
nietytańskościach	nietytańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskościami	nietytańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskością	nietytańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskości	nietytańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskości	nietytańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskości	nietytańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskości	nietytańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskości	nietytańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskościom	nietytańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskość	nietytańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytańskość	nietytańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowościach	nietytoniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowościami	nietytoniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowością	nietytoniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowości	nietytoniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowości	nietytoniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowości	nietytoniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowości	nietytoniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowości	nietytoniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowościom	nietytoniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowość	nietytoniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowość	nietytoniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytoniowa	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytoniową	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytoniową	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytoniowego	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytoniowego	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytoniowej	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytoniowej	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytoniowej	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytoniowemu	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytoniowe	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytoniowe	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytoniowe	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytoniowe	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytoniowi	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytoniowych	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytoniowych	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytoniowych	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytoniowymi	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytoniowym	nietytoniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytoniowym	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytoniowym	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytoniowy	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytoniowy	nietytoniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietytularnie	nietytularnie	adv:pos		
nietytularnościach	nietytularność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularnościami	nietytularność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularnością	nietytularność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularności	nietytularność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularności	nietytularność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularności	nietytularność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularności	nietytularność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularności	nietytularność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularnościom	nietytularność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularność	nietytularność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularność	nietytularność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytularna	nietytularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytularną	nietytularny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytularną	nietytularny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytularnego	nietytularny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytularnego	nietytularny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytularnej	nietytularny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytularnej	nietytularny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytularnej	nietytularny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytularnemu	nietytularny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytularne	nietytularny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytularne	nietytularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytularne	nietytularny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytularne	nietytularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytularni	nietytularny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytularnych	nietytularny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytularnych	nietytularny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytularnych	nietytularny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytularnymi	nietytularny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytularnym	nietytularny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytularnym	nietytularny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytularnym	nietytularny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytularny	nietytularny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytularny	nietytularny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietytułowościach	nietytułowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowościami	nietytułowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowością	nietytułowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowości	nietytułowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowości	nietytułowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowości	nietytułowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowości	nietytułowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowości	nietytułowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowościom	nietytułowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowość	nietytułowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowość	nietytułowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietytułowa	nietytułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietytułową	nietytułowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietytułową	nietytułowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietytułowego	nietytułowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietytułowego	nietytułowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytułowej	nietytułowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietytułowej	nietytułowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietytułowej	nietytułowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietytułowemu	nietytułowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytułowe	nietytułowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytułowe	nietytułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytułowe	nietytułowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietytułowe	nietytułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietytułowi	nietytułowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietytułowych	nietytułowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietytułowych	nietytułowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytułowych	nietytułowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytułowymi	nietytułowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytułowym	nietytułowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietytułowym	nietytułowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytułowym	nietytułowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietytułowy	nietytułowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietytułowy	nietytułowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietzscheanistach	nietzscheanista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanistami	nietzscheanista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanista	nietzscheanista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanistą	nietzscheanista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanistę	nietzscheanista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanistom	nietzscheanista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanisto	nietzscheanista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanistów	nietzscheanista	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanisty	nietzscheanista	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanisty	nietzscheanista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheaniście	nietzscheanista	subst:sg:dat.loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheaniści	nietzscheanista	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmach	nietzscheanizm	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmami	nietzscheanizm	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmem	nietzscheanizm	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmie	nietzscheanizm	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmie	nietzscheanizm	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizm	nietzscheanizm	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmom	nietzscheanizm	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmowi	nietzscheanizm	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmów	nietzscheanizm	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmu	nietzscheanizm	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheanizmy	nietzscheanizm	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańscy	nietzscheański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nietzscheańska	nietzscheański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nietzscheańską	nietzscheański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nietzscheańską	nietzscheański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nietzscheańskich	nietzscheański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nietzscheańskich	nietzscheański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietzscheańskich	nietzscheański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietzscheańskiego	nietzscheański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nietzscheańskiego	nietzscheański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietzscheańskiej	nietzscheański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nietzscheańskiej	nietzscheański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nietzscheańskiej	nietzscheański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nietzscheańskiemu	nietzscheański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietzscheańskie	nietzscheański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietzscheańskie	nietzscheański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietzscheańskie	nietzscheański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nietzscheańskie	nietzscheański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nietzscheańskimi	nietzscheański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietzscheańskim	nietzscheański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nietzscheańskim	nietzscheański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietzscheańskim	nietzscheański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nietzscheański	nietzscheański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nietzscheański	nietzscheański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nietzscheańsko	nietzscheański	adja		
nietzscheańsku	nietzscheański	adjp		
nietzscheańsko	nietzscheańsko	adv:pos		
nietzscheańskościach	nietzscheańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskościami	nietzscheańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskością	nietzscheańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskości	nietzscheańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskości	nietzscheańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskości	nietzscheańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskości	nietzscheańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskości	nietzscheańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskościom	nietzscheańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskość	nietzscheańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietzscheańskość	nietzscheańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nietabelaryzowana	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowaną	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanego	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanego	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanej	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanemu	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowane	tabelaryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowane	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowaniach	tabelaryzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowaniami	tabelaryzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowania	tabelaryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowania	tabelaryzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowaniem	tabelaryzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanie	tabelaryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowaniom	tabelaryzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowani	tabelaryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowaniu	tabelaryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanych	tabelaryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanych	tabelaryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanymi	tabelaryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanym	tabelaryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowanym	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowany	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowany	tabelaryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzowań	tabelaryzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzująca	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującą	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującego	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującego	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującej	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującemu	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzujące	tabelaryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzujące	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzujących	tabelaryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzujących	tabelaryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującymi	tabelaryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującym	tabelaryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzującym	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzujący	tabelaryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzujący	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabelaryzujący	tabelaryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowana	tabletkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowaną	tabletkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanego	tabletkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanego	tabletkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanej	tabletkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanemu	tabletkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowane	tabletkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowane	tabletkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowaniach	tabletkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowaniami	tabletkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowania	tabletkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowania	tabletkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowaniem	tabletkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanie	tabletkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowaniom	tabletkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowani	tabletkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowaniu	tabletkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanych	tabletkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanych	tabletkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanymi	tabletkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanym	tabletkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowanym	tabletkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowany	tabletkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowany	tabletkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabletkowań	tabletkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkująca	tabletkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującą	tabletkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującego	tabletkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującego	tabletkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującej	tabletkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującemu	tabletkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkujące	tabletkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkujące	tabletkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkujących	tabletkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabletkujących	tabletkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującymi	tabletkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującym	tabletkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkującym	tabletkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabletkujący	tabletkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabletkujący	tabletkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabletkujący	tabletkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowana	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowaną	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanego	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanego	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanej	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanemu	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowane	tabloidyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowane	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowaniach	tabloidyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowaniami	tabloidyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowania	tabloidyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowania	tabloidyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowaniem	tabloidyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanie	tabloidyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowaniom	tabloidyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowani	tabloidyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowaniu	tabloidyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanych	tabloidyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanych	tabloidyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanymi	tabloidyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanym	tabloidyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowanym	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowany	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowany	tabloidyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzowań	tabloidyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzująca	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującą	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującego	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującego	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującej	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującemu	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzujące	tabloidyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzujące	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzujących	tabloidyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzujących	tabloidyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującymi	tabloidyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującym	tabloidyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzującym	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzujący	tabloidyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzujący	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabloidyzujący	tabloidyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaborowana	taborować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaborowaną	taborować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanego	taborować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanego	taborować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanej	taborować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanemu	taborować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowane	taborować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowane	taborować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowaniach	taborować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowaniami	taborować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowania	taborować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowania	taborować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowaniem	taborować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanie	taborować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowaniom	taborować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowani	taborować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaborowaniu	taborować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanych	taborować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanych	taborować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanymi	taborować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanym	taborować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowanym	taborować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborowany	taborować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaborowany	taborować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaborowań	taborować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborująca	taborować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaborującą	taborować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaborującego	taborować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaborującego	taborować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborującej	taborować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaborującemu	taborować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborujące	taborować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborujące	taborować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaborujących	taborować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaborujących	taborować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborującymi	taborować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborującym	taborować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborującym	taborować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaborujący	taborować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaborujący	taborować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaborujący	taborować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowana	tabuizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowaną	tabuizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanego	tabuizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanego	tabuizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanej	tabuizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanemu	tabuizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowane	tabuizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowane	tabuizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowaniach	tabuizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowaniami	tabuizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowania	tabuizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowania	tabuizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowaniem	tabuizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanie	tabuizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowaniom	tabuizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowani	tabuizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowaniu	tabuizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanych	tabuizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanych	tabuizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanymi	tabuizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanym	tabuizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowanym	tabuizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowany	tabuizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowany	tabuizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabuizowań	tabuizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizująca	tabuizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującą	tabuizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującego	tabuizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującego	tabuizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującej	tabuizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującemu	tabuizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizujące	tabuizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizujące	tabuizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizujących	tabuizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabuizujących	tabuizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującymi	tabuizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującym	tabuizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizującym	tabuizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabuizujący	tabuizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabuizujący	tabuizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabuizujący	tabuizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabulowana	tabulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabulowaną	tabulować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanego	tabulować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanego	tabulować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanej	tabulować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanemu	tabulować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowane	tabulować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowane	tabulować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowaniach	tabulować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowaniami	tabulować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowania	tabulować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowania	tabulować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowaniem	tabulować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanie	tabulować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowaniom	tabulować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowani	tabulować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabulowaniu	tabulować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanych	tabulować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanych	tabulować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanymi	tabulować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanym	tabulować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowanym	tabulować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulowany	tabulować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabulowany	tabulować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietabulowań	tabulować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulująca	tabulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabulującą	tabulować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietabulującego	tabulować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietabulującego	tabulować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulującej	tabulować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietabulującemu	tabulować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulujące	tabulować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulujące	tabulować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietabulujących	tabulować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabulujących	tabulować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulującymi	tabulować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulującym	tabulować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulującym	tabulować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietabulujący	tabulować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietabulujący	tabulować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietabulujący	tabulować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietachająca	tachać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietachającą	tachać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietachającego	tachać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietachającego	tachać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietachającej	tachać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietachającemu	tachać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietachające	tachać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachające	tachać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietachających	tachać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietachających	tachać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachającymi	tachać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachającym	tachać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachającym	tachać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietachający	tachać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietachający	tachać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietachający	tachać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietachana	tachać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietachaną	tachać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietachanego	tachać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietachanego	tachać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietachanej	tachać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietachanemu	tachać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietachane	tachać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachane	tachać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietachaniach	tachać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietachaniami	tachać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietachania	tachać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietachania	tachać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietachaniem	tachać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietachanie	tachać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietachaniom	tachać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietachani	tachać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietachaniu	tachać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietachanych	tachać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietachanych	tachać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachanymi	tachać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachanym	tachać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietachanym	tachać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietachany	tachać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietachany	tachać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietachań	tachać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczająca	taczać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaczającą	taczać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaczającego	taczać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaczającego	taczać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczającej	taczać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaczającemu	taczać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczające	taczać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczające	taczać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczających	taczać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaczających	taczać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczającymi	taczać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczającym	taczać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczającym	taczać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczający	taczać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaczający	taczać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaczający	taczać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaczana	taczać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaczaną	taczać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaczanego	taczać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaczanego	taczać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczanej	taczać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaczanemu	taczać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczane	taczać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczane	taczać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczaniach	taczać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczaniami	taczać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczania	taczać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczania	taczać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczaniem	taczać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczanie	taczać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczaniom	taczać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczani	taczać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaczaniu	taczać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaczanych	taczać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaczanych	taczać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczanymi	taczać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczanym	taczać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczanym	taczać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaczany	taczać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaczany	taczać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaczań	taczać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowana	taflować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaflowaną	taflować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanego	taflować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanego	taflować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanej	taflować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanemu	taflować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowane	taflować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowane	taflować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowaniach	taflować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowaniami	taflować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowania	taflować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowania	taflować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowaniem	taflować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanie	taflować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowaniom	taflować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowani	taflować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaflowaniu	taflować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanych	taflować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanych	taflować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanymi	taflować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanym	taflować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowanym	taflować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflowany	taflować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaflowany	taflować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaflowań	taflować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflująca	taflować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaflującą	taflować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaflującego	taflować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaflującego	taflować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflującej	taflować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaflującemu	taflować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflujące	taflować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflujące	taflować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaflujących	taflować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaflujących	taflować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflującymi	taflować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflującym	taflować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflującym	taflować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaflujący	taflować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaflujący	taflować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaflujący	taflować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietagowana	tagować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietagowaną	tagować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietagowanego	tagować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietagowanego	tagować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietagowanej	tagować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietagowanemu	tagować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietagowane	tagować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagowane	tagować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowaniach	tagować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowaniami	tagować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowania	tagować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowania	tagować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowaniem	tagować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowanie	tagować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowaniom	tagować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowani	tagować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietagowaniu	tagować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietagowanych	tagować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietagowanych	tagować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagowanymi	tagować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagowanym	tagować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagowanym	tagować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietagowany	tagować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietagowany	tagować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietagowań	tagować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietagująca	tagować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietagującą	tagować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietagującego	tagować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietagującego	tagować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietagującej	tagować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietagującemu	tagować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietagujące	tagować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagujące	tagować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietagujących	tagować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietagujących	tagować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagującymi	tagować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagującym	tagować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietagującym	tagować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietagujący	tagować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietagujący	tagować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietagujący	tagować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietająca	taić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietającą	taić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietającego	taić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietającego	taić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietającej	taić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietającemu	taić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietające	taić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietające	taić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietających	taić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietających	taić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietającymi	taić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietającym	taić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietającym	taić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietający	taić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietający	taić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietający	taić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietajeniach	taić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajeniami	taić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietajenia	taić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajenia	taić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietajeniem	taić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietajenie	taić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajeniom	taić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietajeni	taić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietajeniu	taić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajeń	taić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietajona	taić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietajoną	taić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietajonego	taić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietajonego	taić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietajonej	taić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietajonemu	taić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietajone	taić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajone	taić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajonych	taić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietajonych	taić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajonymi	taić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajonym	taić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajonym	taić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietajony	taić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietajony	taić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietajaniach	tajać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajaniami	tajać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietajania	tajać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajania	tajać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietajaniem	tajać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietajanie	tajać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajaniom	tajać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietajaniu	tajać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajań	tajać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietająca	tajać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietającą	tajać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietającego	tajać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietającego	tajać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietającej	tajać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietającemu	tajać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietające	tajać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietające	tajać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietających	tajać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietających	tajać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietającymi	tajać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietającym	tajać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietającym	tajać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietający	tajać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietający	tajać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietający	tajać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejąca	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącą	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącego	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącego	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącej	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącemu	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejące	tajemniczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejące	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejących	tajemniczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejących	tajemniczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącymi	tajemniczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącym	tajemniczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejącym	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejący	tajemniczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejący	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczejący	tajemniczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczeniach	tajemniczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczeniami	tajemniczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczenia	tajemniczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczenia	tajemniczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczeniem	tajemniczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczenie	tajemniczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczeniom	tajemniczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczeniu	tajemniczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietajemniczeń	tajemniczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowana	takelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakelowaną	takelować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanego	takelować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanego	takelować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanej	takelować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanemu	takelować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowane	takelować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowane	takelować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowaniach	takelować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowaniami	takelować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowania	takelować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowania	takelować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowaniem	takelować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanie	takelować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowaniom	takelować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowani	takelować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakelowaniu	takelować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanych	takelować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanych	takelować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanymi	takelować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanym	takelować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowanym	takelować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelowany	takelować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietakelowany	takelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietakelowań	takelować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelująca	takelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakelującą	takelować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietakelującego	takelować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietakelującego	takelować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelującej	takelować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakelującemu	takelować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelujące	takelować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelujące	takelować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakelujących	takelować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakelujących	takelować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelującymi	takelować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelującym	takelować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelującym	takelować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakelujący	takelować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakelujący	takelować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietakelujący	takelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietakielowana	takielować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakielowaną	takielować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanego	takielować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanego	takielować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanej	takielować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanemu	takielować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowane	takielować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowane	takielować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowaniach	takielować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowaniami	takielować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowania	takielować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowania	takielować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowaniem	takielować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanie	takielować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowaniom	takielować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowani	takielować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakielowaniu	takielować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanych	takielować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanych	takielować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanymi	takielować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanym	takielować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowanym	takielować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielowany	takielować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietakielowany	takielować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietakielowań	takielować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielująca	takielować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakielującą	takielować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietakielującego	takielować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietakielującego	takielować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielującej	takielować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietakielującemu	takielować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielujące	takielować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielujące	takielować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietakielujących	takielować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakielujących	takielować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielującymi	takielować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielującym	takielować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielującym	takielować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietakielujący	takielować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietakielujący	takielować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietakielujący	takielować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaklowana	taklować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaklowaną	taklować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanego	taklować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanego	taklować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanej	taklować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanemu	taklować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowane	taklować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowane	taklować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowaniach	taklować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowaniami	taklować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowania	taklować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowania	taklować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowaniem	taklować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanie	taklować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowaniom	taklować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowani	taklować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaklowaniu	taklować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanych	taklować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanych	taklować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanymi	taklować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanym	taklować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowanym	taklować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklowany	taklować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaklowany	taklować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaklowań	taklować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklująca	taklować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaklującą	taklować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaklującego	taklować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaklującego	taklować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklującej	taklować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaklującemu	taklować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklujące	taklować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklujące	taklować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaklujących	taklować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaklujących	taklować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklującymi	taklować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklującym	taklować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklującym	taklować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaklujący	taklować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaklujący	taklować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaklujący	taklować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaksowana	taksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaksowaną	taksować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanego	taksować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanego	taksować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanej	taksować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanemu	taksować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowane	taksować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowane	taksować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowaniach	taksować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowaniami	taksować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowania	taksować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowania	taksować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowaniem	taksować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanie	taksować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowaniom	taksować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowani	taksować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaksowaniu	taksować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanych	taksować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanych	taksować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanymi	taksować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanym	taksować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowanym	taksować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksowany	taksować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaksowany	taksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaksowań	taksować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksująca	taksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaksującą	taksować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaksującego	taksować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaksującego	taksować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksującej	taksować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaksującemu	taksować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksujące	taksować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksujące	taksować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaksujących	taksować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaksujących	taksować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksującymi	taksować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksującym	taksować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksującym	taksować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaksujący	taksować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaksujący	taksować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaksujący	taksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaktowana	taktować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaktowaną	taktować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanego	taktować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanego	taktować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanej	taktować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanemu	taktować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowane	taktować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowane	taktować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowaniach	taktować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowaniami	taktować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowania	taktować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowania	taktować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowaniem	taktować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanie	taktować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowaniom	taktować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowani	taktować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaktowaniu	taktować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanych	taktować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanych	taktować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanymi	taktować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanym	taktować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowanym	taktować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktowany	taktować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaktowany	taktować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaktowań	taktować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktująca	taktować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaktującą	taktować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaktującego	taktować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaktującego	taktować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktującej	taktować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaktującemu	taktować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktujące	taktować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktujące	taktować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaktujących	taktować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaktujących	taktować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktującymi	taktować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktującym	taktować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktującym	taktować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaktujący	taktować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaktujący	taktować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaktujący	taktować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowana	talerzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowaną	talerzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanego	talerzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanego	talerzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanej	talerzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanemu	talerzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowane	talerzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowane	talerzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowaniach	talerzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowaniami	talerzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowania	talerzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowania	talerzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowaniem	talerzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanie	talerzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowaniom	talerzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowani	talerzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowaniu	talerzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanych	talerzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanych	talerzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanymi	talerzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanym	talerzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowanym	talerzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowany	talerzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowany	talerzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietalerzowań	talerzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzująca	talerzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującą	talerzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującego	talerzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującego	talerzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującej	talerzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującemu	talerzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzujące	talerzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzujące	talerzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzujących	talerzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalerzujących	talerzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującymi	talerzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującym	talerzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzującym	talerzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalerzujący	talerzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalerzujący	talerzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietalerzujący	talerzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaliowana	taliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaliowaną	taliować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanego	taliować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanego	taliować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanej	taliować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanemu	taliować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowane	taliować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowane	taliować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowaniach	taliować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowaniami	taliować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowania	taliować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowania	taliować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowaniem	taliować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanie	taliować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowaniom	taliować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowani	taliować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaliowaniu	taliować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanych	taliować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanych	taliować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanymi	taliować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanym	taliować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowanym	taliować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliowany	taliować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaliowany	taliować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaliowań	taliować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliująca	taliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaliującą	taliować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaliującego	taliować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaliującego	taliować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliującej	taliować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaliującemu	taliować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliujące	taliować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliujące	taliować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaliujących	taliować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaliujących	taliować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliującymi	taliować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliującym	taliować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliującym	taliować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaliujący	taliować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaliujący	taliować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaliujący	taliować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietalkowana	talkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalkowaną	talkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanego	talkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanego	talkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanej	talkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanemu	talkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowane	talkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowane	talkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowaniach	talkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowaniami	talkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowania	talkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowania	talkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowaniem	talkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanie	talkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowaniom	talkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowani	talkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalkowaniu	talkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanych	talkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanych	talkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanymi	talkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanym	talkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowanym	talkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkowany	talkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietalkowany	talkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietalkowań	talkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkująca	talkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalkującą	talkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietalkującego	talkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietalkującego	talkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkującej	talkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietalkującemu	talkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkujące	talkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkujące	talkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietalkujących	talkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalkujących	talkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkującymi	talkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkującym	talkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkującym	talkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietalkujący	talkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietalkujący	talkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietalkujący	talkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietamowana	tamować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamowaną	tamować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietamowanego	tamować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietamowanego	tamować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamowanej	tamować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamowanemu	tamować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamowane	tamować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamowane	tamować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowaniach	tamować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowaniami	tamować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowania	tamować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowania	tamować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowaniem	tamować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowanie	tamować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowaniom	tamować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowani	tamować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamowaniu	tamować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamowanych	tamować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamowanych	tamować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamowanymi	tamować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamowanym	tamować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamowanym	tamować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamowany	tamować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietamowany	tamować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietamowań	tamować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietamująca	tamować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamującą	tamować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietamującego	tamować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietamującego	tamować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamującej	tamować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamującemu	tamować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamujące	tamować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamujące	tamować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamujących	tamować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamujących	tamować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamującymi	tamować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamującym	tamować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamującym	tamować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamujący	tamować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamujący	tamować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietamujący	tamować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietamponowana	tamponować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamponowaną	tamponować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanego	tamponować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanego	tamponować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanej	tamponować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanemu	tamponować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowane	tamponować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowane	tamponować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowaniach	tamponować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowaniami	tamponować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowania	tamponować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowania	tamponować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowaniem	tamponować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanie	tamponować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowaniom	tamponować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowani	tamponować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamponowaniu	tamponować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanych	tamponować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanych	tamponować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanymi	tamponować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanym	tamponować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowanym	tamponować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponowany	tamponować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietamponowany	tamponować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietamponowań	tamponować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponująca	tamponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamponującą	tamponować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietamponującego	tamponować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietamponującego	tamponować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponującej	tamponować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietamponującemu	tamponować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponujące	tamponować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponujące	tamponować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietamponujących	tamponować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamponujących	tamponować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponującymi	tamponować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponującym	tamponować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponującym	tamponować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietamponujący	tamponować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietamponujący	tamponować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietamponujący	tamponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaniejąca	tanieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącą	tanieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącego	tanieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącego	tanieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącej	tanieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącemu	tanieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejące	tanieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejące	tanieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejących	tanieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaniejących	tanieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącymi	tanieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącym	tanieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejącym	tanieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaniejący	tanieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaniejący	tanieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaniejący	tanieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietanieniach	tanieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietanieniami	tanieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietanienia	tanieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietanienia	tanieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietanieniem	tanieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietanienie	tanieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietanieniom	tanieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietanieniu	tanieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietanień	tanieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowana	tankować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietankowaną	tankować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietankowanego	tankować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietankowanego	tankować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietankowanej	tankować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietankowanemu	tankować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietankowane	tankować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankowane	tankować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowaniach	tankować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowaniami	tankować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowania	tankować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowania	tankować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowaniem	tankować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowanie	tankować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowaniom	tankować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowani	tankować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietankowaniu	tankować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietankowanych	tankować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietankowanych	tankować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankowanymi	tankować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankowanym	tankować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankowanym	tankować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietankowany	tankować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietankowany	tankować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietankowań	tankować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietankująca	tankować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietankującą	tankować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietankującego	tankować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietankującego	tankować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietankującej	tankować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietankującemu	tankować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietankujące	tankować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankujące	tankować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietankujących	tankować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietankujących	tankować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankującymi	tankować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankującym	tankować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietankującym	tankować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietankujący	tankować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietankujący	tankować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietankujący	tankować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietantalowana	tantalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietantalowaną	tantalować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanego	tantalować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanego	tantalować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanej	tantalować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanemu	tantalować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowane	tantalować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowane	tantalować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowaniach	tantalować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowaniami	tantalować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowania	tantalować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowania	tantalować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowaniem	tantalować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanie	tantalować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowaniom	tantalować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowani	tantalować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietantalowaniu	tantalować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanych	tantalować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanych	tantalować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanymi	tantalować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanym	tantalować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowanym	tantalować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalowany	tantalować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietantalowany	tantalować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietantalowań	tantalować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalująca	tantalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietantalującą	tantalować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietantalującego	tantalować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietantalującego	tantalować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalującej	tantalować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietantalującemu	tantalować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalujące	tantalować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalujące	tantalować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietantalujących	tantalować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietantalujących	tantalować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalującymi	tantalować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalującym	tantalować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalującym	tantalować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietantalujący	tantalować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietantalujący	tantalować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietantalujący	tantalować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowana	tańcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowaną	tańcować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanego	tańcować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanego	tańcować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanej	tańcować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanemu	tańcować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowane	tańcować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowane	tańcować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowaniach	tańcować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowaniami	tańcować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowania	tańcować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowania	tańcować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowaniem	tańcować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanie	tańcować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowaniom	tańcować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowani	tańcować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcowaniu	tańcować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanych	tańcować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanych	tańcować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanymi	tańcować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanym	tańcować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowanym	tańcować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowany	tańcować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowany	tańcować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowań	tańcować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcująca	tańcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcującą	tańcować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcującego	tańcować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietańcującego	tańcować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcującej	tańcować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcującemu	tańcować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcujące	tańcować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcujące	tańcować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcujących	tańcować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcujących	tańcować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcującymi	tańcować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcującym	tańcować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcującym	tańcować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcujący	tańcować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcujący	tańcować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcujący	tańcować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowująca	tańcowywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującą	tańcowywać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującego	tańcowywać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującego	tańcowywać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującej	tańcowywać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującemu	tańcowywać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowujące	tańcowywać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowujące	tańcowywać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowujących	tańcowywać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcowujących	tańcowywać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującymi	tańcowywać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującym	tańcowywać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowującym	tańcowywać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowujący	tańcowywać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcowujący	tańcowywać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowujący	tańcowywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywana	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywaną	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanego	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanego	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanej	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanemu	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywane	tańcowywać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywane	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywaniach	tańcowywać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywaniami	tańcowywać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywania	tańcowywać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywania	tańcowywać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywaniem	tańcowywać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanie	tańcowywać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywaniom	tańcowywać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywani	tańcowywać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywaniu	tańcowywać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanych	tańcowywać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanych	tańcowywać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanymi	tańcowywać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanym	tańcowywać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywanym	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywany	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywany	tańcowywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietańcowywań	tańcowywać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietańcząca	tańczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańczącą	tańczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietańczącego	tańczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietańczącego	tańczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczącej	tańczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańczącemu	tańczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczące	tańczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczące	tańczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczących	tańczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańczących	tańczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczącymi	tańczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczącym	tańczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczącym	tańczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczący	tańczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańczący	tańczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietańczący	tańczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietańczeniach	tańczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczeniami	tańczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczenia	tańczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczenia	tańczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczeniem	tańczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczenie	tańczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczeniom	tańczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczeni	tańczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańczeniu	tańczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczeń	tańczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczona	tańczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańczoną	tańczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietańczonego	tańczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietańczonego	tańczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczonej	tańczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietańczonemu	tańczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczone	tańczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczone	tańczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietańczonych	tańczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietańczonych	tańczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczonymi	tańczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczonym	tańczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczonym	tańczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietańczony	tańczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietańczony	tańczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaperowaniach	taperować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowaniami	taperować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowania	taperować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowania	taperować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowaniem	taperować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowanie	taperować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowaniom	taperować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowaniu	taperować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperowań	taperować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperująca	taperować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaperującą	taperować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaperującego	taperować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaperującego	taperować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaperującej	taperować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaperującemu	taperować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaperujące	taperować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaperujące	taperować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaperujących	taperować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaperujących	taperować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaperującymi	taperować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaperującym	taperować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaperującym	taperować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaperujący	taperować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaperujący	taperować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaperujący	taperować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietapetowana	tapetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapetowaną	tapetować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanego	tapetować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanego	tapetować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanej	tapetować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanemu	tapetować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowane	tapetować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowane	tapetować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowaniach	tapetować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowaniami	tapetować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowania	tapetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowania	tapetować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowaniem	tapetować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanie	tapetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowaniom	tapetować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowani	tapetować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapetowaniu	tapetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanych	tapetować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanych	tapetować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanymi	tapetować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanym	tapetować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowanym	tapetować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetowany	tapetować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietapetowany	tapetować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietapetowań	tapetować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetująca	tapetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapetującą	tapetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietapetującego	tapetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietapetującego	tapetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetującej	tapetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapetującemu	tapetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetujące	tapetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetujące	tapetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapetujących	tapetować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapetujących	tapetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetującymi	tapetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetującym	tapetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetującym	tapetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapetujący	tapetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapetujący	tapetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietapetujący	tapetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowana	tapicerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowaną	tapicerować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanego	tapicerować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanego	tapicerować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanej	tapicerować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanemu	tapicerować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowane	tapicerować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowane	tapicerować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowaniach	tapicerować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowaniami	tapicerować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowania	tapicerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowania	tapicerować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowaniem	tapicerować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanie	tapicerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowaniom	tapicerować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowani	tapicerować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowaniu	tapicerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanych	tapicerować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanych	tapicerować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanymi	tapicerować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanym	tapicerować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowanym	tapicerować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowany	tapicerować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowany	tapicerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietapicerowań	tapicerować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerująca	tapicerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującą	tapicerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującego	tapicerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującego	tapicerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującej	tapicerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującemu	tapicerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerujące	tapicerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerujące	tapicerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerujących	tapicerować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapicerujących	tapicerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującymi	tapicerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującym	tapicerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerującym	tapicerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapicerujący	tapicerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapicerujący	tapicerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietapicerujący	tapicerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietapirowana	tapirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapirowaną	tapirować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanego	tapirować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanego	tapirować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanej	tapirować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanemu	tapirować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowane	tapirować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowane	tapirować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowaniach	tapirować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowaniami	tapirować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowania	tapirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowania	tapirować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowaniem	tapirować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanie	tapirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowaniom	tapirować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowani	tapirować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapirowaniu	tapirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanych	tapirować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanych	tapirować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanymi	tapirować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanym	tapirować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowanym	tapirować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirowany	tapirować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietapirowany	tapirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietapirowań	tapirować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirująca	tapirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapirującą	tapirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietapirującego	tapirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietapirującego	tapirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirującej	tapirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietapirującemu	tapirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirujące	tapirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirujące	tapirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietapirujących	tapirować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapirujących	tapirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirującymi	tapirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirującym	tapirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirującym	tapirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietapirujący	tapirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietapirujący	tapirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietapirujący	tapirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaplająca	taplać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaplającą	taplać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaplającego	taplać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaplającego	taplać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplającej	taplać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaplającemu	taplać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplające	taplać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplające	taplać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplających	taplać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaplających	taplać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplającymi	taplać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplającym	taplać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplającym	taplać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplający	taplać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaplający	taplać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaplający	taplać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaplana	taplać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaplaną	taplać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaplanego	taplać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaplanego	taplać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplanej	taplać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaplanemu	taplać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplane	taplać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplane	taplać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplaniach	taplać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplaniami	taplać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplania	taplać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplania	taplać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplaniem	taplać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplanie	taplać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplaniom	taplać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplani	taplać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaplaniu	taplać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaplanych	taplać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaplanych	taplać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplanymi	taplać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplanym	taplać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplanym	taplać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaplany	taplać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaplany	taplać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaplań	taplać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniąca	tarabanić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącą	tarabanić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącego	tarabanić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącego	tarabanić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącej	tarabanić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącemu	tarabanić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniące	tarabanić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniące	tarabanić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniących	tarabanić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniących	tarabanić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącymi	tarabanić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącym	tarabanić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniącym	tarabanić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniący	tarabanić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniący	tarabanić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniący	tarabanić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarabanieniach	tarabanić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanieniami	tarabanić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanienia	tarabanić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanienia	tarabanić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanieniem	tarabanić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanienie	tarabanić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanieniom	tarabanić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanieni	tarabanić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarabanieniu	tarabanić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanień	tarabanić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniona	tarabanić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarabanioną	tarabanić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionego	tarabanić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionego	tarabanić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionej	tarabanić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionemu	tarabanić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanione	tarabanić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanione	tarabanić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionych	tarabanić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionych	tarabanić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionymi	tarabanić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionym	tarabanić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabanionym	tarabanić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniony	tarabanić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarabaniony	tarabanić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaranowana	taranować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaranowaną	taranować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanego	taranować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanego	taranować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanej	taranować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanemu	taranować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowane	taranować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowane	taranować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowaniach	taranować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowaniami	taranować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowania	taranować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowania	taranować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowaniem	taranować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanie	taranować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowaniom	taranować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowani	taranować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaranowaniu	taranować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanych	taranować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanych	taranować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanymi	taranować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanym	taranować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowanym	taranować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranowany	taranować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaranowany	taranować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaranowań	taranować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranująca	taranować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaranującą	taranować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaranującego	taranować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaranującego	taranować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranującej	taranować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaranującemu	taranować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranujące	taranować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranujące	taranować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaranujących	taranować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaranujących	taranować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranującymi	taranować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranującym	taranować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranującym	taranować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaranujący	taranować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaranujący	taranować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaranujący	taranować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarasząca	tarasić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącą	tarasić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącego	tarasić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącego	tarasić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącej	tarasić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącemu	tarasić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszące	tarasić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszące	tarasić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszących	tarasić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaraszących	tarasić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącymi	tarasić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącym	tarasić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszącym	tarasić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszący	tarasić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaraszący	tarasić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaraszący	tarasić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaraszeniach	tarasić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszeniami	tarasić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszenia	tarasić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszenia	tarasić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszeniem	tarasić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszenie	tarasić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszeniom	tarasić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszeni	tarasić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaraszeniu	tarasić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszeń	tarasić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszona	tarasić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaraszoną	tarasić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonego	tarasić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonego	tarasić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonej	tarasić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonemu	tarasić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszone	tarasić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszone	tarasić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonych	tarasić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonych	tarasić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonymi	tarasić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonym	tarasić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszonym	tarasić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaraszony	tarasić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaraszony	tarasić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarasowana	tarasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarasowaną	tarasować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanego	tarasować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanego	tarasować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanej	tarasować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanemu	tarasować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowane	tarasować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowane	tarasować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowaniach	tarasować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowaniami	tarasować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowania	tarasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowania	tarasować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowaniem	tarasować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanie	tarasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowaniom	tarasować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowani	tarasować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarasowaniu	tarasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanych	tarasować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanych	tarasować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanymi	tarasować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanym	tarasować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowanym	tarasować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasowany	tarasować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarasowany	tarasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarasowań	tarasować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasująca	tarasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarasującą	tarasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarasującego	tarasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarasującego	tarasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasującej	tarasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarasującemu	tarasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasujące	tarasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasujące	tarasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarasujących	tarasować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarasujących	tarasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasującymi	tarasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasującym	tarasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasującym	tarasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarasujący	tarasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarasujący	tarasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarasujący	tarasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietargająca	targać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietargającą	targać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietargającego	targać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietargającego	targać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargającej	targać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietargającemu	targać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargające	targać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargające	targać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargających	targać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietargających	targać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargającymi	targać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargającym	targać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargającym	targać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargający	targać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietargający	targać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietargający	targać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietargana	targać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarganą	targać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarganego	targać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarganego	targać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarganej	targać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarganemu	targać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargane	targać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargane	targać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarganiach	targać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarganiami	targać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietargania	targać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargania	targać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarganiem	targać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarganie	targać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarganiom	targać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietargani	targać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarganiu	targać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarganych	targać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarganych	targać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarganymi	targać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarganym	targać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarganym	targać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargany	targać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietargany	targać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietargań	targać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietargnięciach	targnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięciami	targnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięcia	targnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięcia	targnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięciem	targnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięcie	targnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięciom	targnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięci	targnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietargnięciu	targnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięć	targnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietargnięta	targnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietargniętą	targnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietargniętego	targnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietargniętego	targnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietargniętej	targnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietargniętemu	targnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietargnięte	targnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietargnięte	targnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietargniętych	targnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietargniętych	targnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietargniętymi	targnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietargniętym	targnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietargniętym	targnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietargnięty	targnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietargnięty	targnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietargowana	targować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietargowaną	targować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietargowanego	targować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietargowanego	targować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargowanej	targować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietargowanemu	targować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargowane	targować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargowane	targować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowaniach	targować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowaniami	targować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowania	targować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowania	targować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowaniem	targować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowanie	targować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowaniom	targować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowani	targować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietargowaniu	targować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargowanych	targować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietargowanych	targować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargowanymi	targować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargowanym	targować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargowanym	targować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargowany	targować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietargowany	targować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietargowań	targować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietargująca	targować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietargującą	targować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietargującego	targować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietargującego	targować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargującej	targować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietargującemu	targować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargujące	targować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargujące	targować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietargujących	targować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietargujących	targować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargującymi	targować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargującym	targować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietargującym	targować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietargujący	targować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietargujący	targować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietargujący	targować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkocąca	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącą	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącego	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącego	tarkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącej	tarkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącemu	tarkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocące	tarkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocące	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocących	tarkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkocących	tarkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącymi	tarkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącym	tarkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocącym	tarkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkocący	tarkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkocący	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkocący	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkocząca	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącą	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącego	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącego	tarkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącej	tarkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącemu	tarkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczące	tarkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczące	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczących	tarkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczących	tarkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącymi	tarkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącym	tarkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczącym	tarkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczący	tarkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczący	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkoczący	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkotająca	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającą	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającego	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającego	tarkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającej	tarkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającemu	tarkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotające	tarkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotające	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotających	tarkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotających	tarkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającymi	tarkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającym	tarkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotającym	tarkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotający	tarkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotający	tarkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotający	tarkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietarkotaniach	tarkotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotaniami	tarkotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotania	tarkotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotania	tarkotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotaniem	tarkotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotanie	tarkotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotaniom	tarkotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotaniu	tarkotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkotań	tarkotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowana	tarkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkowaną	tarkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanego	tarkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanego	tarkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanej	tarkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanemu	tarkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowane	tarkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowane	tarkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowaniach	tarkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowaniami	tarkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowania	tarkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowania	tarkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowaniem	tarkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanie	tarkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowaniom	tarkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowani	tarkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkowaniu	tarkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanych	tarkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanych	tarkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanymi	tarkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanym	tarkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowanym	tarkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkowany	tarkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkowany	tarkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkowań	tarkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkująca	tarkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkującą	tarkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkującego	tarkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarkującego	tarkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkującej	tarkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarkującemu	tarkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkujące	tarkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkujące	tarkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarkujących	tarkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkujących	tarkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkującymi	tarkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkującym	tarkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkującym	tarkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarkujący	tarkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarkujący	tarkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarkujący	tarkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarmosząca	tarmosić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącą	tarmosić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącego	tarmosić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącego	tarmosić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącej	tarmosić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącemu	tarmosić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszące	tarmosić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszące	tarmosić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszących	tarmosić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszących	tarmosić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącymi	tarmosić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącym	tarmosić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszącym	tarmosić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszący	tarmosić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszący	tarmosić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszący	tarmosić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszeniach	tarmosić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszeniami	tarmosić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszenia	tarmosić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszenia	tarmosić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszeniem	tarmosić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszenie	tarmosić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszeniom	tarmosić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszeni	tarmosić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszeniu	tarmosić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszeń	tarmosić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszona	tarmosić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszoną	tarmosić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonego	tarmosić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonego	tarmosić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonej	tarmosić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonemu	tarmosić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszone	tarmosić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszone	tarmosić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonych	tarmosić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonych	tarmosić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonymi	tarmosić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonym	tarmosić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszonym	tarmosić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszony	tarmosić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarmoszony	tarmosić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowana	tarnikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowaną	tarnikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanego	tarnikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanego	tarnikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanej	tarnikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanemu	tarnikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowane	tarnikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowane	tarnikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowaniach	tarnikować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowaniami	tarnikować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowania	tarnikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowania	tarnikować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowaniem	tarnikować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanie	tarnikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowaniom	tarnikować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowani	tarnikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowaniu	tarnikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanych	tarnikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanych	tarnikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanymi	tarnikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanym	tarnikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowanym	tarnikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowany	tarnikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowany	tarnikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarnikowań	tarnikować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikująca	tarnikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującą	tarnikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującego	tarnikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującego	tarnikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującej	tarnikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującemu	tarnikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikujące	tarnikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikujące	tarnikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikujących	tarnikować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarnikujących	tarnikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującymi	tarnikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującym	tarnikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikującym	tarnikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarnikujący	tarnikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarnikujący	tarnikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarnikujący	tarnikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarowana	tarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarowaną	tarować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarowanego	tarować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarowanego	tarować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarowanej	tarować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarowanemu	tarować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarowane	tarować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarowane	tarować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowaniach	tarować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowaniami	tarować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowania	tarować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowania	tarować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowaniem	tarować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowanie	tarować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowaniom	tarować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowani	tarować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarowaniu	tarować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarowanych	tarować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarowanych	tarować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarowanymi	tarować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarowanym	tarować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarowanym	tarować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarowany	tarować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarowany	tarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarowań	tarować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarująca	tarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarującą	tarować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarującego	tarować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarującego	tarować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarującej	tarować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarującemu	tarować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarujące	tarować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarujące	tarować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarujących	tarować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarujących	tarować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarującymi	tarować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarującym	tarować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarującym	tarować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarujący	tarować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarujący	tarować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarujący	tarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowana	taryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowaną	taryfikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanego	taryfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanego	taryfikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanej	taryfikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanemu	taryfikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowane	taryfikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowane	taryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowaniach	taryfikować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowaniami	taryfikować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowania	taryfikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowania	taryfikować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowaniem	taryfikować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanie	taryfikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowaniom	taryfikować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowani	taryfikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowaniu	taryfikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanych	taryfikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanych	taryfikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanymi	taryfikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanym	taryfikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowanym	taryfikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowany	taryfikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowany	taryfikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikowań	taryfikować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikująca	taryfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującą	taryfikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującego	taryfikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującego	taryfikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującej	taryfikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującemu	taryfikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikujące	taryfikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikujące	taryfikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikujących	taryfikować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikujących	taryfikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującymi	taryfikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującym	taryfikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikującym	taryfikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikujący	taryfikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikujący	taryfikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfikujący	taryfikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowana	taryfować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowaną	taryfować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanego	taryfować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanego	taryfować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanej	taryfować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanemu	taryfować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowane	taryfować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowane	taryfować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowaniach	taryfować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowaniami	taryfować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowania	taryfować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowania	taryfować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowaniem	taryfować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanie	taryfować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowaniom	taryfować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowani	taryfować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowaniu	taryfować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanych	taryfować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanych	taryfować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanymi	taryfować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanym	taryfować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowanym	taryfować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowany	taryfować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowany	taryfować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfowań	taryfować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfująca	taryfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującą	taryfować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującego	taryfować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującego	taryfować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującej	taryfować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującemu	taryfować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfujące	taryfować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfujące	taryfować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfujących	taryfować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfujących	taryfować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującymi	taryfować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującym	taryfować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfującym	taryfować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaryfujący	taryfować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaryfujący	taryfować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaryfujący	taryfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarzająca	tarzać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarzającą	tarzać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarzającego	tarzać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarzającego	tarzać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzającej	tarzać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarzającemu	tarzać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzające	tarzać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzające	tarzać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzających	tarzać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarzających	tarzać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzającymi	tarzać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzającym	tarzać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzającym	tarzać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzający	tarzać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarzający	tarzać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarzający	tarzać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarzana	tarzać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarzaną	tarzać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietarzanego	tarzać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietarzanego	tarzać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzanej	tarzać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietarzanemu	tarzać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzane	tarzać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzane	tarzać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzaniach	tarzać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzaniami	tarzać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzania	tarzać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzania	tarzać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzaniem	tarzać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzanie	tarzać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzaniom	tarzać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzani	tarzać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarzaniu	tarzać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarzanych	tarzać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarzanych	tarzać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzanymi	tarzać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzanym	tarzać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzanym	tarzać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarzany	tarzać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarzany	tarzać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarzań	tarzać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskająca	taskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaskającą	taskać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaskającego	taskać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaskającego	taskać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskającej	taskać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaskającemu	taskać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskające	taskać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskające	taskać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskających	taskać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaskających	taskać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskającymi	taskać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskającym	taskać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskającym	taskać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskający	taskać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaskający	taskać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaskający	taskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaskana	taskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaskaną	taskać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaskanego	taskać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaskanego	taskać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskanej	taskać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaskanemu	taskać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskane	taskać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskane	taskać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskaniach	taskać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskaniami	taskać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskania	taskać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskania	taskać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskaniem	taskać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskanie	taskać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskaniom	taskać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskani	taskać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaskaniu	taskać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaskanych	taskać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaskanych	taskać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskanymi	taskać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskanym	taskać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskanym	taskać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaskany	taskać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaskany	taskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaskań	taskać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowana	tasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietasowaną	tasować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietasowanego	tasować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietasowanego	tasować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietasowanej	tasować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietasowanemu	tasować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietasowane	tasować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasowane	tasować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowaniach	tasować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowaniami	tasować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowania	tasować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowania	tasować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowaniem	tasować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowanie	tasować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowaniom	tasować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowani	tasować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietasowaniu	tasować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietasowanych	tasować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietasowanych	tasować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasowanymi	tasować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasowanym	tasować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasowanym	tasować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietasowany	tasować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietasowany	tasować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietasowań	tasować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietasująca	tasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietasującą	tasować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietasującego	tasować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietasującego	tasować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietasującej	tasować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietasującemu	tasować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietasujące	tasować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasujące	tasować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietasujących	tasować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietasujących	tasować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasującymi	tasować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasującym	tasować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietasującym	tasować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietasujący	tasować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietasujący	tasować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietasujący	tasować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietastrowana	tastrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietastrowaną	tastrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanego	tastrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanego	tastrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanej	tastrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanemu	tastrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowane	tastrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowane	tastrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowaniach	tastrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowaniami	tastrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowania	tastrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowania	tastrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowaniem	tastrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanie	tastrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowaniom	tastrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowani	tastrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietastrowaniu	tastrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanych	tastrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanych	tastrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanymi	tastrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanym	tastrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowanym	tastrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrowany	tastrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietastrowany	tastrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietastrowań	tastrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrująca	tastrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietastrującą	tastrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietastrującego	tastrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietastrującego	tastrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrującej	tastrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietastrującemu	tastrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrujące	tastrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrujące	tastrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietastrujących	tastrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietastrujących	tastrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrującymi	tastrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrującym	tastrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrującym	tastrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietastrujący	tastrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietastrujący	tastrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietastrujący	tastrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaszcząca	taszczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącą	taszczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącego	taszczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącego	taszczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącej	taszczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącemu	taszczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczące	taszczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczące	taszczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczących	taszczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaszczących	taszczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącymi	taszczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącym	taszczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczącym	taszczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczący	taszczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaszczący	taszczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaszczący	taszczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaszczeniach	taszczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczeniami	taszczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczenia	taszczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczenia	taszczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczeniem	taszczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczenie	taszczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczeniom	taszczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczeni	taszczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaszczeniu	taszczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczeń	taszczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczona	taszczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaszczoną	taszczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonego	taszczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonego	taszczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonej	taszczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonemu	taszczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczone	taszczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczone	taszczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonych	taszczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonych	taszczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonymi	taszczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonym	taszczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczonym	taszczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaszczony	taszczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaszczony	taszczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowana	taśmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowaną	taśmować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanego	taśmować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanego	taśmować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanej	taśmować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanemu	taśmować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowane	taśmować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowane	taśmować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowaniach	taśmować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowaniami	taśmować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowania	taśmować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowania	taśmować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowaniem	taśmować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanie	taśmować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowaniom	taśmować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowani	taśmować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowaniu	taśmować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanych	taśmować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanych	taśmować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanymi	taśmować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanym	taśmować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowanym	taśmować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowany	taśmować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowany	taśmować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietaśmowań	taśmować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmująca	taśmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującą	taśmować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującego	taśmować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującego	taśmować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującej	taśmować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującemu	taśmować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmujące	taśmować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmujące	taśmować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmujących	taśmować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaśmujących	taśmować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującymi	taśmować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującym	taśmować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmującym	taśmować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietaśmujący	taśmować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietaśmujący	taśmować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietaśmujący	taśmować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietatarowana	tatarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatarowaną	tatarować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanego	tatarować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanego	tatarować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanej	tatarować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanemu	tatarować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowane	tatarować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowane	tatarować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowaniach	tatarować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowaniami	tatarować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowania	tatarować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowania	tatarować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowaniem	tatarować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanie	tatarować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowaniom	tatarować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowani	tatarować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatarowaniu	tatarować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanych	tatarować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanych	tatarować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanymi	tatarować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanym	tatarować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowanym	tatarować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarowany	tatarować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietatarowany	tatarować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietatarowań	tatarować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarująca	tatarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatarującą	tatarować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietatarującego	tatarować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietatarującego	tatarować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarującej	tatarować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatarującemu	tatarować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarujące	tatarować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarujące	tatarować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatarujących	tatarować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatarujących	tatarować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarującymi	tatarować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarującym	tatarować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarującym	tatarować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatarujący	tatarować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatarujący	tatarować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietatarujący	tatarować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietatłająca	tatłać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatłającą	tatłać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietatłającego	tatłać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietatłającego	tatłać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłającej	tatłać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatłającemu	tatłać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłające	tatłać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłające	tatłać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłających	tatłać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatłających	tatłać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłającymi	tatłać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłającym	tatłać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłającym	tatłać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłający	tatłać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatłający	tatłać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietatłający	tatłać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietatłana	tatłać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatłaną	tatłać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietatłanego	tatłać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietatłanego	tatłać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłanej	tatłać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatłanemu	tatłać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłane	tatłać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłane	tatłać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłaniach	tatłać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłaniami	tatłać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłania	tatłać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłania	tatłać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłaniem	tatłać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłanie	tatłać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłaniom	tatłać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłani	tatłać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatłaniu	tatłać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatłanych	tatłać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatłanych	tatłać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłanymi	tatłać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłanym	tatłać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłanym	tatłać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatłany	tatłać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietatłany	tatłać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietatłań	tatłać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowana	tatuować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatuowaną	tatuować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanego	tatuować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanego	tatuować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanej	tatuować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanemu	tatuować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowane	tatuować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowane	tatuować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowaniach	tatuować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowaniami	tatuować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowania	tatuować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowania	tatuować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowaniem	tatuować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanie	tatuować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowaniom	tatuować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowani	tatuować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatuowaniu	tatuować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanych	tatuować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanych	tatuować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanymi	tatuować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanym	tatuować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowanym	tatuować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuowany	tatuować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietatuowany	tatuować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietatuowań	tatuować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuująca	tatuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatuującą	tatuować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietatuującego	tatuować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietatuującego	tatuować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuującej	tatuować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietatuującemu	tatuować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuujące	tatuować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuujące	tatuować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietatuujących	tatuować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatuujących	tatuować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuującymi	tatuować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuującym	tatuować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuującym	tatuować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietatuujący	tatuować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietatuujący	tatuować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietatuujący	tatuować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietąpaniach	tąpać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpaniami	tąpać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpania	tąpać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpania	tąpać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpaniem	tąpać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpanie	tąpać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpaniom	tąpać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpaniu	tąpać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpań	tąpać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiąca	tąpać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącą	tąpać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącego	tąpać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącego	tąpać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącej	tąpać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącemu	tąpać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiące	tąpać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiące	tąpać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiących	tąpać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietąpiących	tąpać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącymi	tąpać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącym	tąpać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiącym	tąpać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietąpiący	tąpać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietąpiący	tąpać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietąpiący	tąpać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietąpnięciach	tąpnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięciami	tąpnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięcia	tąpnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięcia	tąpnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięciem	tąpnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięcie	tąpnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięciom	tąpnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięciu	tąpnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietąpnięć	tąpnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietchnąca	tchnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietchnącą	tchnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietchnącego	tchnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietchnącego	tchnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietchnącej	tchnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietchnącemu	tchnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietchnące	tchnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchnące	tchnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietchnących	tchnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietchnących	tchnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchnącymi	tchnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchnącym	tchnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchnącym	tchnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietchnący	tchnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietchnący	tchnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietchnący	tchnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietchnięciach	tchnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięciami	tchnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięcia	tchnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięcia	tchnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięciem	tchnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięcie	tchnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięciom	tchnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięci	tchnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięciu	tchnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięć	tchnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięta	tchnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętą	tchnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętego	tchnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętego	tchnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętej	tchnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętemu	tchnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięte	tchnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięte	tchnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętych	tchnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętych	tchnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętymi	tchnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętym	tchnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchniętym	tchnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięty	tchnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchnięty	tchnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietchórząca	tchórzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącą	tchórzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącego	tchórzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącego	tchórzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącej	tchórzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącemu	tchórzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzące	tchórzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzące	tchórzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzących	tchórzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietchórzących	tchórzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącymi	tchórzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącym	tchórzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzącym	tchórzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzący	tchórzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietchórzący	tchórzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietchórzący	tchórzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietchórzeniach	tchórzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzeniami	tchórzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzenia	tchórzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzenia	tchórzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzeniem	tchórzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzenie	tchórzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzeniom	tchórzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzeniu	tchórzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietchórzeń	tchórzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowana	teatralizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowaną	teatralizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanego	teatralizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanego	teatralizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanej	teatralizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanemu	teatralizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowane	teatralizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowane	teatralizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowaniach	teatralizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowaniami	teatralizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowania	teatralizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowania	teatralizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowaniem	teatralizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanie	teatralizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowaniom	teatralizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowani	teatralizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowaniu	teatralizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanych	teatralizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanych	teatralizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanymi	teatralizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanym	teatralizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowanym	teatralizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowany	teatralizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowany	teatralizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizowań	teatralizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizująca	teatralizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującą	teatralizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującego	teatralizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującego	teatralizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującej	teatralizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującemu	teatralizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizujące	teatralizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizujące	teatralizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizujących	teatralizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizujących	teatralizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującymi	teatralizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującym	teatralizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizującym	teatralizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizujący	teatralizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizujący	teatralizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteatralizujący	teatralizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowana	technicyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowaną	technicyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanego	technicyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanego	technicyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanej	technicyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanemu	technicyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowane	technicyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowane	technicyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowaniach	technicyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowaniami	technicyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowania	technicyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowania	technicyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowaniem	technicyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanie	technicyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowaniom	technicyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowani	technicyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowaniu	technicyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanych	technicyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanych	technicyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanymi	technicyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanym	technicyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowanym	technicyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowany	technicyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowany	technicyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzowań	technicyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzująca	technicyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującą	technicyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującego	technicyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującego	technicyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującej	technicyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującemu	technicyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzujące	technicyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzujące	technicyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzujących	technicyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzujących	technicyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującymi	technicyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującym	technicyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzującym	technicyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzujący	technicyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzujący	technicyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietechnicyzujący	technicyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowana	teksturować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowaną	teksturować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanego	teksturować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanego	teksturować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanej	teksturować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanemu	teksturować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowane	teksturować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowane	teksturować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowaniach	teksturować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowaniami	teksturować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowania	teksturować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowania	teksturować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowaniem	teksturować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanie	teksturować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowaniom	teksturować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowani	teksturować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowaniu	teksturować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanych	teksturować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanych	teksturować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanymi	teksturować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanym	teksturować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowanym	teksturować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowany	teksturować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowany	teksturować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteksturowań	teksturować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturująca	teksturować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującą	teksturować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującego	teksturować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującego	teksturować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującej	teksturować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującemu	teksturować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturujące	teksturować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturujące	teksturować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturujących	teksturować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteksturujących	teksturować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującymi	teksturować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującym	teksturować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturującym	teksturować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteksturujący	teksturować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteksturujący	teksturować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteksturujący	teksturować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowana	telefaksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowaną	telefaksować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanego	telefaksować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanego	telefaksować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanej	telefaksować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanemu	telefaksować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowane	telefaksować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowane	telefaksować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowaniach	telefaksować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowaniami	telefaksować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowania	telefaksować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowania	telefaksować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowaniem	telefaksować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanie	telefaksować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowaniom	telefaksować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowani	telefaksować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowaniu	telefaksować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanych	telefaksować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanych	telefaksować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanymi	telefaksować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanym	telefaksować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowanym	telefaksować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowany	telefaksować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowany	telefaksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksowań	telefaksować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksująca	telefaksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującą	telefaksować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującego	telefaksować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującego	telefaksować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującej	telefaksować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującemu	telefaksować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksujące	telefaksować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksujące	telefaksować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksujących	telefaksować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksujących	telefaksować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującymi	telefaksować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującym	telefaksować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksującym	telefaksować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksujący	telefaksować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksujący	telefaksować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefaksujący	telefaksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowana	telefonizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowaną	telefonizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanego	telefonizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanego	telefonizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanej	telefonizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanemu	telefonizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowane	telefonizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowane	telefonizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowaniach	telefonizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowaniami	telefonizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowania	telefonizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowania	telefonizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowaniem	telefonizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanie	telefonizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowaniom	telefonizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowani	telefonizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowaniu	telefonizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanych	telefonizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanych	telefonizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanymi	telefonizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanym	telefonizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowanym	telefonizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowany	telefonizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowany	telefonizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizowań	telefonizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizująca	telefonizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującą	telefonizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującego	telefonizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującego	telefonizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującej	telefonizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującemu	telefonizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizujące	telefonizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizujące	telefonizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizujących	telefonizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizujących	telefonizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującymi	telefonizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującym	telefonizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizującym	telefonizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizujący	telefonizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizujący	telefonizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefonizujący	telefonizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowaniach	telefonować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowaniami	telefonować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowania	telefonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowania	telefonować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowaniem	telefonować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowanie	telefonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowaniom	telefonować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowaniu	telefonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonowań	telefonować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonująca	telefonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującą	telefonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującego	telefonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującego	telefonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującej	telefonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującemu	telefonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonujące	telefonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonujące	telefonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonujących	telefonować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefonujących	telefonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującymi	telefonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującym	telefonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonującym	telefonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelefonujący	telefonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelefonujący	telefonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelefonujący	telefonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowaniach	telegrafować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowaniami	telegrafować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowania	telegrafować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowania	telegrafować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowaniem	telegrafować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowanie	telegrafować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowaniom	telegrafować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowaniu	telegrafować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafowań	telegrafować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafująca	telegrafować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującą	telegrafować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującego	telegrafować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującego	telegrafować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującej	telegrafować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującemu	telegrafować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafujące	telegrafować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafujące	telegrafować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafujących	telegrafować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafujących	telegrafować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującymi	telegrafować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującym	telegrafować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafującym	telegrafować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafujący	telegrafować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafujący	telegrafować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelegrafujący	telegrafować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowana	teleksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowaną	teleksować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanego	teleksować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanego	teleksować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanej	teleksować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanemu	teleksować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowane	teleksować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowane	teleksować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowaniach	teleksować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowaniami	teleksować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowania	teleksować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowania	teleksować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowaniem	teleksować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanie	teleksować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowaniom	teleksować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowani	teleksować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowaniu	teleksować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanych	teleksować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanych	teleksować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanymi	teleksować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanym	teleksować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowanym	teleksować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowany	teleksować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowany	teleksować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleksowań	teleksować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksująca	teleksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującą	teleksować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującego	teleksować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującego	teleksować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującej	teleksować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującemu	teleksować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksujące	teleksować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksujące	teleksować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksujących	teleksować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleksujących	teleksować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującymi	teleksować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującym	teleksować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksującym	teleksować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleksujący	teleksować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleksujący	teleksować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleksujący	teleksować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelepaniach	telepać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepaniami	telepać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepania	telepać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepania	telepać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepaniem	telepać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepanie	telepać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepaniom	telepać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepaniu	telepać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepań	telepać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiąca	telepać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącą	telepać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącego	telepać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącego	telepać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącej	telepać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącemu	telepać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiące	telepać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiące	telepać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiących	telepać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelepiących	telepać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącymi	telepać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącym	telepać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiącym	telepać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelepiący	telepać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelepiący	telepać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelepiący	telepać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowana	teleportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowaną	teleportować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanego	teleportować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanego	teleportować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanej	teleportować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanemu	teleportować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowane	teleportować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowane	teleportować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowaniach	teleportować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowaniami	teleportować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowania	teleportować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowania	teleportować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowaniem	teleportować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanie	teleportować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowaniom	teleportować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowani	teleportować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowaniu	teleportować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanych	teleportować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanych	teleportować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanymi	teleportować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanym	teleportować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowanym	teleportować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowany	teleportować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowany	teleportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleportowań	teleportować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportująca	teleportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującą	teleportować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującego	teleportować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującego	teleportować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującej	teleportować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującemu	teleportować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportujące	teleportować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportujące	teleportować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportujących	teleportować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleportujących	teleportować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującymi	teleportować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującym	teleportować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportującym	teleportować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteleportujący	teleportować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteleportujący	teleportować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteleportujący	teleportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowana	telesterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowaną	telesterować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanego	telesterować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanego	telesterować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanej	telesterować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanemu	telesterować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowane	telesterować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowane	telesterować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowaniach	telesterować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowaniami	telesterować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowania	telesterować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowania	telesterować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowaniem	telesterować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanie	telesterować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowaniom	telesterować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowani	telesterować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowaniu	telesterować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanych	telesterować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanych	telesterować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanymi	telesterować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanym	telesterować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowanym	telesterować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowany	telesterować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowany	telesterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelesterowań	telesterować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterująca	telesterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującą	telesterować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującego	telesterować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującego	telesterować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującej	telesterować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującemu	telesterować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterujące	telesterować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterujące	telesterować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterujących	telesterować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelesterujących	telesterować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującymi	telesterować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującym	telesterować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterującym	telesterować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelesterujący	telesterować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelesterujący	telesterować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelesterujący	telesterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowana	teletransportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowaną	teletransportować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanego	teletransportować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanego	teletransportować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanej	teletransportować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanemu	teletransportować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowane	teletransportować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowane	teletransportować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowaniach	teletransportować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowaniami	teletransportować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowania	teletransportować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowania	teletransportować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowaniem	teletransportować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanie	teletransportować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowaniom	teletransportować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowani	teletransportować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowaniu	teletransportować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanych	teletransportować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanych	teletransportować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanymi	teletransportować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanym	teletransportować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowanym	teletransportować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowany	teletransportować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowany	teletransportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportowań	teletransportować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportująca	teletransportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującą	teletransportować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującego	teletransportować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującego	teletransportować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującej	teletransportować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującemu	teletransportować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportujące	teletransportować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportujące	teletransportować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportujących	teletransportować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportujących	teletransportować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującymi	teletransportować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującym	teletransportować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportującym	teletransportować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportujący	teletransportować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportujący	teletransportować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteletransportujący	teletransportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelękająca	telękać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelękającą	telękać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietelękającego	telękać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietelękającego	telękać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelękającej	telękać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietelękającemu	telękać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelękające	telękać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelękające	telękać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękających	telękać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelękających	telękać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelękającymi	telękać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelękającym	telękać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietelękającym	telękać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietelękający	telękać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietelękający	telękać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietelękający	telękać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietelękaniach	telękać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękaniami	telękać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękania	telękać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękania	telękać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękaniem	telękać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękanie	telękać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękaniom	telękać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękaniu	telękać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietelękań	telękać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowana	temperować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietemperowaną	temperować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanego	temperować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanego	temperować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanej	temperować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanemu	temperować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowane	temperować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowane	temperować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowaniach	temperować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowaniami	temperować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowania	temperować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowania	temperować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowaniem	temperować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanie	temperować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowaniom	temperować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowani	temperować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietemperowaniu	temperować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanych	temperować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanych	temperować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanymi	temperować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanym	temperować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowanym	temperować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperowany	temperować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietemperowany	temperować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietemperowań	temperować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperująca	temperować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietemperującą	temperować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietemperującego	temperować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietemperującego	temperować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperującej	temperować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietemperującemu	temperować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperujące	temperować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperujące	temperować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemperujących	temperować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietemperujących	temperować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperującymi	temperować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperującym	temperować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperującym	temperować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemperujący	temperować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietemperujący	temperować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietemperujący	temperować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowaniach	temporyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowaniami	temporyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowania	temporyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowania	temporyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowaniem	temporyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowanie	temporyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowaniom	temporyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowaniu	temporyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzowań	temporyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzująca	temporyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującą	temporyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującego	temporyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującego	temporyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującej	temporyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującemu	temporyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzujące	temporyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzujące	temporyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzujących	temporyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzujących	temporyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującymi	temporyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującym	temporyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzującym	temporyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzujący	temporyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzujący	temporyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietemporyzujący	temporyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietentegowaniach	tentegować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowaniami	tentegować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowania	tentegować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowania	tentegować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowaniem	tentegować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowanie	tentegować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowaniom	tentegować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowaniu	tentegować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegowań	tentegować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegująca	tentegować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietentegującą	tentegować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietentegującego	tentegować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietentegującego	tentegować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentegującej	tentegować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietentegującemu	tentegować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentegujące	tentegować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentegujące	tentegować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentegujących	tentegować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietentegujących	tentegować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentegującymi	tentegować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentegującym	tentegować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentegującym	tentegować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentegujący	tentegować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietentegujący	tentegować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietentegujący	tentegować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietentowana	tentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietentowaną	tentować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietentowanego	tentować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietentowanego	tentować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentowanej	tentować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietentowanemu	tentować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentowane	tentować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentowane	tentować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowaniach	tentować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowaniami	tentować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowania	tentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowania	tentować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowaniem	tentować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowanie	tentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowaniom	tentować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowani	tentować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietentowaniu	tentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentowanych	tentować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietentowanych	tentować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentowanymi	tentować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentowanym	tentować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentowanym	tentować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentowany	tentować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietentowany	tentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietentowań	tentować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietentująca	tentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietentującą	tentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietentującego	tentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietentującego	tentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentującej	tentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietentującemu	tentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentujące	tentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentujące	tentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietentujących	tentować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietentujących	tentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentującymi	tentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentującym	tentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietentującym	tentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietentujący	tentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietentujący	tentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietentujący	tentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowaniach	teologizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowaniami	teologizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowania	teologizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowania	teologizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowaniem	teologizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowanie	teologizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowaniom	teologizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowaniu	teologizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizowań	teologizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizująca	teologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującą	teologizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującego	teologizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującego	teologizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującej	teologizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującemu	teologizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizujące	teologizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizujące	teologizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizujących	teologizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteologizujących	teologizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującymi	teologizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującym	teologizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizującym	teologizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteologizujący	teologizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteologizujący	teologizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteologizujący	teologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowaniach	teoretyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowaniami	teoretyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowania	teoretyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowania	teoretyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowaniem	teoretyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowanie	teoretyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowaniom	teoretyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowaniu	teoretyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzowań	teoretyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzująca	teoretyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującą	teoretyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującego	teoretyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującego	teoretyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującej	teoretyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującemu	teoretyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzujące	teoretyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzujące	teoretyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzujących	teoretyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzujących	teoretyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującymi	teoretyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującym	teoretyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzującym	teoretyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzujący	teoretyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzujący	teoretyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieteoretyzujący	teoretyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietepowana	tepować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietepowaną	tepować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietepowanego	tepować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietepowanego	tepować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietepowanej	tepować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietepowanemu	tepować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietepowane	tepować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepowane	tepować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowaniach	tepować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowaniami	tepować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowania	tepować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowania	tepować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowaniem	tepować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowanie	tepować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowaniom	tepować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowani	tepować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietepowaniu	tepować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietepowanych	tepować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietepowanych	tepować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepowanymi	tepować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepowanym	tepować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepowanym	tepować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietepowany	tepować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietepowany	tepować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietepowań	tepować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietepująca	tepować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietepującą	tepować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietepującego	tepować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietepującego	tepować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietepującej	tepować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietepującemu	tepować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietepujące	tepować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepujące	tepować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietepujących	tepować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietepujących	tepować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepującymi	tepować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepującym	tepować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietepującym	tepować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietepujący	tepować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietepujący	tepować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietepujący	tepować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterająca	terać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterającą	terać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterającego	terać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterającego	terać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterającej	terać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterającemu	terać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterające	terać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterające	terać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterających	terać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterających	terać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterającymi	terać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterającym	terać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterającym	terać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterający	terać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterający	terać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterający	terać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterana	terać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteraną	terać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieteranego	terać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieteranego	terać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieteranej	terać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieteranemu	terać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterane	terać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterane	terać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteraniach	terać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteraniami	terać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterania	terać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterania	terać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieteraniem	terać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieteranie	terać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteraniom	terać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterani	terać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteraniu	terać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieteranych	terać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieteranych	terać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteranymi	terać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteranym	terać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieteranym	terać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterany	terać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterany	terać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterań	terać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietercząca	terczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterczącą	terczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterczącego	terczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterczącego	terczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterczącej	terczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterczącemu	terczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterczące	terczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterczące	terczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczących	terczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterczących	terczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterczącymi	terczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterczącym	terczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterczącym	terczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterczący	terczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterczący	terczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterczący	terczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterczeniach	terczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczeniami	terczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczenia	terczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczenia	terczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczeniem	terczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczenie	terczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczeniom	terczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczeniu	terczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterczeń	terczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoląca	terkolić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącą	terkolić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącego	terkolić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącego	terkolić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącej	terkolić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącemu	terkolić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolące	terkolić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolące	terkolić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolących	terkolić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterkolących	terkolić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącymi	terkolić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącym	terkolić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolącym	terkolić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolący	terkolić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterkolący	terkolić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterkolący	terkolić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterkoleniach	terkolić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoleniami	terkolić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolenia	terkolić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolenia	terkolić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoleniem	terkolić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkolenie	terkolić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoleniom	terkolić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoleniu	terkolić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoleń	terkolić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocąca	terkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącą	terkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącego	terkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącego	terkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącej	terkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącemu	terkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocące	terkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocące	terkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocących	terkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterkocących	terkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącymi	terkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącym	terkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocącym	terkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkocący	terkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterkocący	terkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterkocący	terkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterkocząca	terkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącą	terkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącego	terkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącego	terkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącej	terkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącemu	terkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczące	terkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczące	terkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczących	terkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczących	terkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącymi	terkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącym	terkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczącym	terkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczący	terkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczący	terkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterkoczący	terkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterkotaniach	terkotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotaniami	terkotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotania	terkotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotania	terkotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotaniem	terkotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotanie	terkotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotaniom	terkotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotaniu	terkotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterkotań	terkotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikająca	terlikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającą	terlikać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającego	terlikać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającego	terlikać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającej	terlikać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającemu	terlikać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikające	terlikać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikające	terlikać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikających	terlikać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterlikających	terlikać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającymi	terlikać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającym	terlikać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikającym	terlikać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikający	terlikać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterlikający	terlikać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterlikający	terlikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterlikaniach	terlikać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikaniami	terlikać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikania	terlikać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikania	terlikać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikaniem	terlikać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikanie	terlikać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikaniom	terlikać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikaniu	terlikać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterlikań	terlikać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowaniach	terminować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowaniami	terminować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowania	terminować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowania	terminować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowaniem	terminować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowanie	terminować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowaniom	terminować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowaniu	terminować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminowań	terminować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminująca	terminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterminującą	terminować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterminującego	terminować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterminującego	terminować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterminującej	terminować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterminującemu	terminować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterminujące	terminować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterminujące	terminować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterminujących	terminować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterminujących	terminować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterminującymi	terminować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterminującym	terminować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterminującym	terminować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterminujący	terminować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterminujący	terminować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterminujący	terminować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterowana	terować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterowaną	terować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterowanego	terować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterowanego	terować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterowanej	terować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterowanemu	terować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterowane	terować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterowane	terować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowaniach	terować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowaniami	terować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowania	terować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowania	terować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowaniem	terować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowanie	terować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowaniom	terować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowani	terować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterowaniu	terować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterowanych	terować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterowanych	terować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterowanymi	terować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterowanym	terować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterowanym	terować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterowany	terować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterowany	terować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterowań	terować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterująca	terować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterującą	terować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterującego	terować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterującego	terować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterującej	terować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterującemu	terować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterujące	terować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterujące	terować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterujących	terować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterujących	terować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterującymi	terować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterującym	terować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterującym	terować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterujący	terować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterujący	terować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterujący	terować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterpana	terpać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterpaną	terpać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterpanego	terpać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterpanego	terpać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpanej	terpać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterpanemu	terpać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpane	terpać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpane	terpać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpaniach	terpać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpaniami	terpać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpania	terpać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpania	terpać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpaniem	terpać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpanie	terpać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpaniom	terpać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpani	terpać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterpaniu	terpać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpanych	terpać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterpanych	terpać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpanymi	terpać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpanym	terpać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpanym	terpać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpany	terpać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterpany	terpać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterpań	terpać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiąca	terpać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącą	terpać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącego	terpać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącego	terpać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącej	terpać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącemu	terpać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiące	terpać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiące	terpać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiących	terpać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterpiących	terpać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącymi	terpać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącym	terpać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiącym	terpać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterpiący	terpać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterpiący	terpać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterpiący	terpać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowana	terroryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowaną	terroryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanego	terroryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanego	terroryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanej	terroryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanemu	terroryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowane	terroryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowane	terroryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowaniach	terroryzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowaniami	terroryzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowania	terroryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowania	terroryzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowaniem	terroryzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanie	terroryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowaniom	terroryzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowani	terroryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowaniu	terroryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanych	terroryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanych	terroryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanymi	terroryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanym	terroryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowanym	terroryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowany	terroryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowany	terroryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzowań	terroryzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzująca	terroryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującą	terroryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującego	terroryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującego	terroryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującej	terroryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującemu	terroryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzujące	terroryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzujące	terroryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzujących	terroryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzujących	terroryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującymi	terroryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującym	terroryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzującym	terroryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzujący	terroryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzujący	terroryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieterroryzujący	terroryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietestowana	testować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestowaną	testować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietestowanego	testować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietestowanego	testować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanej	testować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestowanemu	testować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowane	testować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowane	testować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniach	testować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniami	testować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowania	testować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowania	testować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniem	testować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanie	testować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniom	testować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowani	testować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniu	testować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanych	testować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestowanych	testować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanymi	testować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanym	testować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanym	testować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowany	testować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietestowany	testować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietestowań	testować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietestująca	testować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestującą	testować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietestującego	testować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietestującego	testować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującej	testować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestującemu	testować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestujące	testować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestujące	testować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestujących	testować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestujących	testować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującymi	testować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującym	testować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującym	testować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestujący	testować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestujący	testować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietestujący	testować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietestowana	testować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestowaną	testować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietestowanego	testować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietestowanego	testować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanej	testować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestowanemu	testować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowane	testować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowane	testować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniach	testować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniami	testować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowania	testować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowania	testować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniem	testować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanie	testować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniom	testować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowani	testować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestowaniu	testować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanych	testować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestowanych	testować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanymi	testować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanym	testować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowanym	testować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestowany	testować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietestowany	testować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietestowań	testować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietestująca	testować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestującą	testować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietestującego	testować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietestującego	testować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującej	testować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietestującemu	testować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestujące	testować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestujące	testować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietestujących	testować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestujących	testować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującymi	testować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującym	testować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietestującym	testować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietestujący	testować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietestujący	testować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietestujący	testować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejąca	tetryczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącą	tetryczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącego	tetryczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącego	tetryczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącej	tetryczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącemu	tetryczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejące	tetryczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejące	tetryczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejących	tetryczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejących	tetryczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącymi	tetryczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącym	tetryczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejącym	tetryczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejący	tetryczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejący	tetryczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietetryczejący	tetryczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniach	tetryczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniami	tetryczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczenia	tetryczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczenia	tetryczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniem	tetryczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczenie	tetryczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniom	tetryczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniu	tetryczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeń	tetryczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietetrycząca	tetryczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącą	tetryczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącego	tetryczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącego	tetryczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącej	tetryczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącemu	tetryczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczące	tetryczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczące	tetryczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczących	tetryczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietetryczących	tetryczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącymi	tetryczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącym	tetryczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczącym	tetryczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczący	tetryczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietetryczący	tetryczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietetryczący	tetryczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniach	tetryczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniami	tetryczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczenia	tetryczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczenia	tetryczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniem	tetryczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczenie	tetryczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniom	tetryczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeniu	tetryczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietetryczeń	tetryczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowana	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowaną	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanego	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanego	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanej	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanemu	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowane	tezauryzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowane	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowaniach	tezauryzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowaniami	tezauryzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowania	tezauryzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowania	tezauryzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowaniem	tezauryzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanie	tezauryzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowaniom	tezauryzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowani	tezauryzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowaniu	tezauryzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanych	tezauryzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanych	tezauryzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanymi	tezauryzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanym	tezauryzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowanym	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowany	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowany	tezauryzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzowań	tezauryzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzująca	tezauryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującą	tezauryzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującego	tezauryzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującego	tezauryzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującej	tezauryzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującemu	tezauryzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzujące	tezauryzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzujące	tezauryzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzujących	tezauryzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzujących	tezauryzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującymi	tezauryzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującym	tezauryzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzującym	tezauryzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzujący	tezauryzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzujący	tezauryzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietezauryzujący	tezauryzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietęchnąca	tęchnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącą	tęchnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącego	tęchnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącego	tęchnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącej	tęchnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącemu	tęchnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnące	tęchnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnące	tęchnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnących	tęchnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęchnących	tęchnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącymi	tęchnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącym	tęchnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnącym	tęchnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnący	tęchnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęchnący	tęchnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietęchnący	tęchnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięciach	tęchnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięciami	tęchnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięcia	tęchnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięcia	tęchnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięciem	tęchnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięcie	tęchnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięciom	tęchnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięciu	tęchnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęchnięć	tęchnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowaniach	tęczować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowaniami	tęczować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowania	tęczować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowania	tęczować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowaniem	tęczować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowanie	tęczować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowaniom	tęczować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowaniu	tęczować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczowań	tęczować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczująca	tęczować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęczującą	tęczować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietęczującego	tęczować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietęczującego	tęczować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczującej	tęczować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęczującemu	tęczować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczujące	tęczować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczujące	tęczować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczujących	tęczować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęczujących	tęczować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczującymi	tęczować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczującym	tęczować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczującym	tęczować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczujący	tęczować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęczujący	tęczować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietęczujący	tęczować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietęcząca	tęczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęczącą	tęczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietęczącego	tęczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietęczącego	tęczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczącej	tęczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęczącemu	tęczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczące	tęczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczące	tęczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczących	tęczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęczących	tęczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczącymi	tęczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczącym	tęczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczącym	tęczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęczący	tęczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęczący	tęczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietęczący	tęczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietęczeniach	tęczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczeniami	tęczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczenia	tęczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczenia	tęczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczeniem	tęczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczenie	tęczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczeniom	tęczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczeniu	tęczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęczeń	tęczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietępiąca	tępić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępiącą	tępić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietępiącego	tępić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietępiącego	tępić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiącej	tępić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępiącemu	tępić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiące	tępić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiące	tępić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępiących	tępić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępiących	tępić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiącymi	tępić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiącym	tępić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiącym	tępić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiący	tępić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępiący	tępić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietępiący	tępić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietępieniach	tępić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieniami	tępić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietępienia	tępić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępienia	tępić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieniem	tępić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietępienie	tępić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieniom	tępić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieni	tępić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępieniu	tępić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępień	tępić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietępiona	tępić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępioną	tępić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietępionego	tępić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietępionego	tępić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępionej	tępić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępionemu	tępić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępione	tępić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępione	tępić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępionych	tępić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępionych	tępić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępionymi	tępić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępionym	tępić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępionym	tępić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiony	tępić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietępiony	tępić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietępiejąca	tępieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącą	tępieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącego	tępieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącego	tępieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącej	tępieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącemu	tępieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejące	tępieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejące	tępieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejących	tępieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępiejących	tępieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącymi	tępieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącym	tępieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejącym	tępieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępiejący	tępieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępiejący	tępieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietępiejący	tępieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietępieniach	tępieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieniami	tępieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietępienia	tępieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępienia	tępieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieniem	tępieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietępienie	tępieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieniom	tępieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietępieniu	tępieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępień	tępieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietępocąca	tępotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępocącą	tępotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietępocącego	tępotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietępocącego	tępotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępocącej	tępotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępocącemu	tępotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępocące	tępotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępocące	tępotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępocących	tępotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępocących	tępotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępocącymi	tępotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępocącym	tępotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępocącym	tępotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępocący	tępotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępocący	tępotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietępocący	tępotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietępocząca	tępotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącą	tępotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącego	tępotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącego	tępotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącej	tępotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącemu	tępotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczące	tępotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczące	tępotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczących	tępotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępoczących	tępotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącymi	tępotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącym	tępotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczącym	tępotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietępoczący	tępotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietępoczący	tępotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietępoczący	tępotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietępotaniach	tępotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotaniami	tępotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotania	tępotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotania	tępotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotaniem	tępotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotanie	tępotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotaniom	tępotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotaniu	tępotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietępotań	tępotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniąca	tęsknić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącą	tęsknić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącego	tęsknić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącego	tęsknić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącej	tęsknić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącemu	tęsknić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniące	tęsknić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniące	tęsknić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniących	tęsknić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęskniących	tęsknić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącymi	tęsknić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącym	tęsknić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniącym	tęsknić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietęskniący	tęsknić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietęskniący	tęsknić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietęskniący	tęsknić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietęsknieniach	tęsknić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknieniami	tęsknić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknienia	tęsknić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknienia	tęsknić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknieniem	tęsknić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknienie	tęsknić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknieniom	tęsknić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknieniu	tęsknić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietęsknień	tęsknić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietętniąca	tętnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietętniącą	tętnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietętniącego	tętnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietętniącego	tętnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącej	tętnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietętniącemu	tętnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniące	tętnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniące	tętnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętniących	tętnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietętniących	tętnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącymi	tętnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącym	tętnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącym	tętnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniący	tętnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietętniący	tętnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietętniący	tętnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniach	tętnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniami	tętnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnienia	tętnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnienia	tętnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniem	tętnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnienie	tętnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniom	tętnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniu	tętnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnień	tętnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietętniąca	tętnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietętniącą	tętnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietętniącego	tętnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietętniącego	tętnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącej	tętnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietętniącemu	tętnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniące	tętnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniące	tętnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętniących	tętnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietętniących	tętnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącymi	tętnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącym	tętnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniącym	tętnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietętniący	tętnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietętniący	tętnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietętniący	tętnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniach	tętnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniami	tętnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnienia	tętnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnienia	tętnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniem	tętnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnienie	tętnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniom	tętnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnieniu	tętnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietętnień	tętnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietężejąca	tężeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietężejącą	tężeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietężejącego	tężeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietężejącego	tężeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężejącej	tężeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietężejącemu	tężeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężejące	tężeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężejące	tężeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężejących	tężeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietężejących	tężeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężejącymi	tężeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężejącym	tężeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężejącym	tężeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężejący	tężeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietężejący	tężeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietężejący	tężeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietężeniach	tężeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeniami	tężeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietężenia	tężeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężenia	tężeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeniem	tężeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietężenie	tężeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeniom	tężeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeniu	tężeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeń	tężeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietężąca	tężyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietężącą	tężyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietężącego	tężyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietężącego	tężyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężącej	tężyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietężącemu	tężyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężące	tężyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężące	tężyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężących	tężyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietężących	tężyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężącymi	tężyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężącym	tężyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężącym	tężyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężący	tężyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietężący	tężyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietężący	tężyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietężeniach	tężyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeniami	tężyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietężenia	tężyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężenia	tężyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeniem	tężyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietężenie	tężyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeniom	tężyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeni	tężyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietężeniu	tężyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężeń	tężyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietężona	tężyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietężoną	tężyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietężonego	tężyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietężonego	tężyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężonej	tężyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietężonemu	tężyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężone	tężyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężone	tężyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietężonych	tężyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietężonych	tężyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężonymi	tężyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężonym	tężyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietężonym	tężyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietężony	tężyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietężony	tężyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietikająca	tikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietikającą	tikać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietikającego	tikać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietikającego	tikać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietikającej	tikać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietikającemu	tikać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietikające	tikać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietikające	tikać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietikających	tikać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietikających	tikać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietikającymi	tikać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietikającym	tikać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietikającym	tikać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietikający	tikać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietikający	tikać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietikający	tikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietikaniach	tikać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietikaniami	tikać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietikania	tikać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietikania	tikać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietikaniem	tikać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietikanie	tikać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietikaniom	tikać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietikaniu	tikać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietikań	tikać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietiknięciach	tiknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięciami	tiknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięcia	tiknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięcia	tiknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięciem	tiknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięcie	tiknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięciom	tiknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięciu	tiknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietiknięć	tiknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietkająca	tkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkającą	tkać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietkającego	tkać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietkającego	tkać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkającej	tkać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkającemu	tkać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkające	tkać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkające	tkać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkających	tkać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkających	tkać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkającymi	tkać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkającym	tkać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkającym	tkać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkający	tkać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkający	tkać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietkający	tkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietkana	tkać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkaną	tkać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietkanego	tkać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietkanego	tkać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkanej	tkać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkanemu	tkać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkane	tkać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkane	tkać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkaniach	tkać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkaniami	tkać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkania	tkać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkania	tkać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietkaniem	tkać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkanie	tkać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkaniom	tkać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietkani	tkać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkaniu	tkać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkanych	tkać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkanych	tkać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkanymi	tkać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkanym	tkać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkanym	tkać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkany	tkać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietkany	tkać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietkań	tkać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiąca	tkliwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącą	tkliwić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącego	tkliwić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącego	tkliwić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącej	tkliwić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącemu	tkliwić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiące	tkliwić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiące	tkliwić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiących	tkliwić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiących	tkliwić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącymi	tkliwić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącym	tkliwić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiącym	tkliwić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiący	tkliwić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiący	tkliwić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiący	tkliwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietkliwieniach	tkliwić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwieniami	tkliwić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwienia	tkliwić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwienia	tkliwić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwieniem	tkliwić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwienie	tkliwić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwieniom	tkliwić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwieni	tkliwić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkliwieniu	tkliwić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwień	tkliwić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiona	tkliwić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkliwioną	tkliwić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionego	tkliwić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionego	tkliwić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionej	tkliwić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionemu	tkliwić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwione	tkliwić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwione	tkliwić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionych	tkliwić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionych	tkliwić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionymi	tkliwić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionym	tkliwić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwionym	tkliwić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiony	tkliwić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietkliwiony	tkliwić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietknięciach	tknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietknięciami	tknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietknięcia	tknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietknięcia	tknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietknięciem	tknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietknięcie	tknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietknięciom	tknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietknięci	tknąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietknięciu	tknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietknięć	tknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietknięta	tknąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietkniętą	tknąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietkniętego	tknąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietkniętego	tknąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietkniętej	tknąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietkniętemu	tknąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietknięte	tknąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietknięte	tknąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietkniętych	tknąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietkniętych	tknąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietkniętymi	tknąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietkniętym	tknąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietkniętym	tknąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietknięty	tknąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietknięty	tknąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietkwiąca	tkwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącą	tkwić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącego	tkwić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącego	tkwić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącej	tkwić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącemu	tkwić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiące	tkwić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiące	tkwić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiących	tkwić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkwiących	tkwić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącymi	tkwić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącym	tkwić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącym	tkwić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiący	tkwić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkwiący	tkwić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietkwiący	tkwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniach	tkwić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniami	tkwić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwienia	tkwić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwienia	tkwić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniem	tkwić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwienie	tkwić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniom	tkwić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniu	tkwić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwień	tkwić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiąca	tkwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącą	tkwieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącego	tkwieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącego	tkwieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącej	tkwieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącemu	tkwieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiące	tkwieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiące	tkwieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiących	tkwieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkwiących	tkwieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącymi	tkwieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącym	tkwieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiącym	tkwieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietkwiący	tkwieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietkwiący	tkwieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietkwiący	tkwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniach	tkwieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniami	tkwieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwienia	tkwieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwienia	tkwieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniem	tkwieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwienie	tkwieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniom	tkwieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwieniu	tkwieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietkwień	tkwieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietlejąca	tleć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietlejącą	tleć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietlejącego	tleć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietlejącego	tleć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlejącej	tleć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietlejącemu	tleć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlejące	tleć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlejące	tleć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlejących	tleć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietlejących	tleć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlejącymi	tleć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlejącym	tleć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlejącym	tleć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlejący	tleć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietlejący	tleć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietlejący	tleć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietleniach	tleć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniami	tleć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenia	tleć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenia	tleć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniem	tleć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenie	tleć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniom	tleć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniu	tleć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietleń	tleć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniąca	tlenić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietleniącą	tlenić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietleniącego	tlenić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietleniącego	tlenić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniącej	tlenić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietleniącemu	tlenić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniące	tlenić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniące	tlenić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniących	tlenić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietleniących	tlenić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniącymi	tlenić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniącym	tlenić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniącym	tlenić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniący	tlenić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietleniący	tlenić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietleniący	tlenić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietlenieniach	tlenić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenieniami	tlenić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenienia	tlenić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenienia	tlenić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenieniem	tlenić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenienie	tlenić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenieniom	tlenić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenieni	tlenić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietlenieniu	tlenić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenień	tlenić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniona	tlenić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietlenioną	tlenić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietlenionego	tlenić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietlenionego	tlenić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlenionej	tlenić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietlenionemu	tlenić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlenione	tlenić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlenione	tlenić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenionych	tlenić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietlenionych	tlenić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlenionymi	tlenić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlenionym	tlenić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlenionym	tlenić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietleniony	tlenić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietleniony	tlenić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietląca	tlić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietlącą	tlić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietlącego	tlić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietlącego	tlić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlącej	tlić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietlącemu	tlić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlące	tlić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlące	tlić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlących	tlić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietlących	tlić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlącymi	tlić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlącym	tlić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietlącym	tlić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietlący	tlić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietlący	tlić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietlący	tlić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietleniach	tlić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniami	tlić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenia	tlić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenia	tlić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniem	tlić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietlenie	tlić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniom	tlić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietleniu	tlić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietleń	tlić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamsząca	tłamsić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącą	tłamsić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącego	tłamsić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącego	tłamsić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącej	tłamsić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącemu	tłamsić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszące	tłamsić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszące	tłamsić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszących	tłamsić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłamszących	tłamsić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącymi	tłamsić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącym	tłamsić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszącym	tłamsić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszący	tłamsić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłamszący	tłamsić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłamszący	tłamsić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłamszeniach	tłamsić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszeniami	tłamsić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszenia	tłamsić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszenia	tłamsić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszeniem	tłamsić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszenie	tłamsić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszeniom	tłamsić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszeni	tłamsić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłamszeniu	tłamsić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszeń	tłamsić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszona	tłamsić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłamszoną	tłamsić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonego	tłamsić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonego	tłamsić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonej	tłamsić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonemu	tłamsić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszone	tłamsić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszone	tłamsić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonych	tłamsić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonych	tłamsić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonymi	tłamsić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonym	tłamsić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszonym	tłamsić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłamszony	tłamsić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłamszony	tłamsić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłocząca	tłoczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącą	tłoczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącego	tłoczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącego	tłoczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącej	tłoczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącemu	tłoczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczące	tłoczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczące	tłoczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczących	tłoczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłoczących	tłoczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącymi	tłoczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącym	tłoczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczącym	tłoczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczący	tłoczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłoczący	tłoczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłoczący	tłoczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłoczeniach	tłoczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczeniami	tłoczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczenia	tłoczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczenia	tłoczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczeniem	tłoczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczenie	tłoczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczeniom	tłoczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczeni	tłoczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłoczeniu	tłoczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczeń	tłoczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczona	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłoczoną	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonego	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonego	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonej	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonemu	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczone	tłoczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczone	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonych	tłoczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonych	tłoczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonymi	tłoczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonym	tłoczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczonym	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłoczony	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłoczony	tłoczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłokowana	tłokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłokowaną	tłokować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanego	tłokować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanego	tłokować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanej	tłokować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanemu	tłokować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowane	tłokować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowane	tłokować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowaniach	tłokować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowaniami	tłokować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowania	tłokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowania	tłokować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowaniem	tłokować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanie	tłokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowaniom	tłokować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowani	tłokować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłokowaniu	tłokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanych	tłokować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanych	tłokować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanymi	tłokować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanym	tłokować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowanym	tłokować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokowany	tłokować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłokowany	tłokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłokowań	tłokować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokująca	tłokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłokującą	tłokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłokującego	tłokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłokującego	tłokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokującej	tłokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłokującemu	tłokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokujące	tłokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokujące	tłokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłokujących	tłokować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłokujących	tłokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokującymi	tłokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokującym	tłokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokującym	tłokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłokujący	tłokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłokujący	tłokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłokujący	tłokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłomacząca	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącą	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącego	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącego	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącej	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącemu	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczące	tłomaczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczące	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczących	tłomaczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczących	tłomaczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącymi	tłomaczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącym	tłomaczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczącym	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczący	tłomaczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczący	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczący	tłomaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczeniach	tłomaczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczeniami	tłomaczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczenia	tłomaczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczenia	tłomaczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczeniem	tłomaczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczenie	tłomaczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczeniom	tłomaczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczeni	tłomaczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczeniu	tłomaczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczeń	tłomaczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczona	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczoną	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonego	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonego	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonej	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonemu	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczone	tłomaczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczone	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonych	tłomaczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonych	tłomaczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonymi	tłomaczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonym	tłomaczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczonym	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczony	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłomaczony	tłomaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuczeniach	tłuc	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczeniami	tłuc	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczenia	tłuc	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczenia	tłuc	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczeniem	tłuc	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczenie	tłuc	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczeniom	tłuc	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczeni	tłuc	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuczeniu	tłuc	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczeń	tłuc	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczona	tłuc	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuczoną	tłuc	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonego	tłuc	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonego	tłuc	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonej	tłuc	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonemu	tłuc	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczone	tłuc	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczone	tłuc	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonych	tłuc	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonych	tłuc	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonymi	tłuc	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonym	tłuc	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczonym	tłuc	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuczony	tłuc	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuczony	tłuc	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłukąca	tłuc	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłukącą	tłuc	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłukącego	tłuc	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłukącego	tłuc	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłukącej	tłuc	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłukącemu	tłuc	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłukące	tłuc	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłukące	tłuc	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłukących	tłuc	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłukących	tłuc	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłukącymi	tłuc	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłukącym	tłuc	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłukącym	tłuc	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłukący	tłuc	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłukący	tłuc	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłukący	tłuc	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumacząca	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącą	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącego	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącego	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącej	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącemu	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczące	tłumaczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczące	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczących	tłumaczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczących	tłumaczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącymi	tłumaczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącym	tłumaczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczącym	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczący	tłumaczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczący	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczący	tłumaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczeniach	tłumaczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczeniami	tłumaczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczenia	tłumaczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczenia	tłumaczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczeniem	tłumaczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczenie	tłumaczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczeniom	tłumaczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczeni	tłumaczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczeniu	tłumaczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczeń	tłumaczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczona	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczoną	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonego	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonego	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonej	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonemu	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczone	tłumaczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczone	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonych	tłumaczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonych	tłumaczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonymi	tłumaczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonym	tłumaczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczonym	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczony	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumaczony	tłumaczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumiąca	tłumić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącą	tłumić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącego	tłumić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącego	tłumić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącej	tłumić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącemu	tłumić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiące	tłumić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiące	tłumić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiących	tłumić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumiących	tłumić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącymi	tłumić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącym	tłumić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiącym	tłumić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiący	tłumić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumiący	tłumić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumiący	tłumić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumieniach	tłumić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumieniami	tłumić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumienia	tłumić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumienia	tłumić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumieniem	tłumić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumienie	tłumić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumieniom	tłumić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumieni	tłumić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumieniu	tłumić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumień	tłumić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiona	tłumić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumioną	tłumić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumionego	tłumić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłumionego	tłumić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumionej	tłumić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłumionemu	tłumić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumione	tłumić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumione	tłumić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłumionych	tłumić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłumionych	tłumić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumionymi	tłumić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumionym	tłumić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumionym	tłumić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłumiony	tłumić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłumiony	tłumić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuszcząca	tłuścić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącą	tłuścić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącego	tłuścić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącego	tłuścić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącej	tłuścić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącemu	tłuścić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczące	tłuścić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczące	tłuścić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczących	tłuścić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczących	tłuścić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącymi	tłuścić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącym	tłuścić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczącym	tłuścić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczący	tłuścić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczący	tłuścić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczący	tłuścić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczeniach	tłuścić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczeniami	tłuścić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczenia	tłuścić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczenia	tłuścić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczeniem	tłuścić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczenie	tłuścić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczeniom	tłuścić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczeni	tłuścić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczeniu	tłuścić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczeń	tłuścić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczona	tłuścić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczoną	tłuścić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonego	tłuścić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonego	tłuścić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonej	tłuścić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonemu	tłuścić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczone	tłuścić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczone	tłuścić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonych	tłuścić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonych	tłuścić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonymi	tłuścić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonym	tłuścić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczonym	tłuścić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczony	tłuścić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuszczony	tłuścić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejąca	tłuścieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącą	tłuścieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącego	tłuścieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącego	tłuścieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącej	tłuścieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącemu	tłuścieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejące	tłuścieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejące	tłuścieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejących	tłuścieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejących	tłuścieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącymi	tłuścieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącym	tłuścieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejącym	tłuścieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejący	tłuścieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejący	tłuścieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuściejący	tłuścieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietłuścieniach	tłuścieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścieniami	tłuścieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścienia	tłuścieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścienia	tłuścieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścieniem	tłuścieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścienie	tłuścieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścieniom	tłuścieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścieniu	tłuścieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietłuścień	tłuścieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowaniach	toastować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowaniami	toastować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowania	toastować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowania	toastować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowaniem	toastować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowanie	toastować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowaniom	toastować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowaniu	toastować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastowań	toastować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastująca	toastować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietoastującą	toastować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietoastującego	toastować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietoastującego	toastować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoastującej	toastować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietoastującemu	toastować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoastujące	toastować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoastujące	toastować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoastujących	toastować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietoastujących	toastować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoastującymi	toastować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoastującym	toastować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoastującym	toastować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoastujący	toastować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietoastujący	toastować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietoastujący	toastować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietocząca	toczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietoczącą	toczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietoczącego	toczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietoczącego	toczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczącej	toczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietoczącemu	toczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczące	toczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczące	toczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczących	toczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietoczących	toczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczącymi	toczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczącym	toczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczącym	toczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczący	toczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietoczący	toczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietoczący	toczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietoczeniach	toczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczeniami	toczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczenia	toczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczenia	toczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczeniem	toczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczenie	toczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczeniom	toczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczeni	toczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietoczeniu	toczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczeń	toczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczona	toczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietoczoną	toczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietoczonego	toczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietoczonego	toczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczonej	toczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietoczonemu	toczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczone	toczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczone	toczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietoczonych	toczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietoczonych	toczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczonymi	toczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczonym	toczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczonym	toczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietoczony	toczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietoczony	toczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietokowaniach	tokować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowaniami	tokować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowania	tokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowania	tokować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowaniem	tokować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowanie	tokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowaniom	tokować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowaniu	tokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietokowań	tokować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietokująca	tokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietokującą	tokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietokującego	tokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietokującego	tokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietokującej	tokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietokującemu	tokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietokujące	tokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietokujące	tokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietokujących	tokować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietokujących	tokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietokującymi	tokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietokującym	tokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietokującym	tokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietokujący	tokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietokujący	tokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietokujący	tokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietolerowana	tolerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietolerowaną	tolerować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanego	tolerować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanego	tolerować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanej	tolerować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanemu	tolerować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowane	tolerować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowane	tolerować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowaniach	tolerować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowaniami	tolerować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowania	tolerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowania	tolerować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowaniem	tolerować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanie	tolerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowaniom	tolerować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowani	tolerować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietolerowaniu	tolerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanych	tolerować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanych	tolerować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanymi	tolerować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanym	tolerować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowanym	tolerować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerowany	tolerować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietolerowany	tolerować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietolerowań	tolerować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerująca	tolerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietolerującą	tolerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietolerującego	tolerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietolerującego	tolerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerującej	tolerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietolerującemu	tolerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerujące	tolerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerujące	tolerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietolerujących	tolerować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietolerujących	tolerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerującymi	tolerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerującym	tolerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerującym	tolerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietolerujący	tolerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietolerujący	tolerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietolerujący	tolerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietonąca	tonąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonącą	tonąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietonącego	tonąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietonącego	tonąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonącej	tonąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonącemu	tonąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonące	tonąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonące	tonąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonących	tonąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonących	tonąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonącymi	tonąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonącym	tonąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonącym	tonąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonący	tonąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonący	tonąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietonący	tonąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietonięciach	tonąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięciami	tonąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięcia	tonąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięcia	tonąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięciem	tonąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięcie	tonąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięciom	tonąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięciu	tonąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonięć	tonąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowana	tonizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonizowaną	tonizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanego	tonizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanego	tonizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanej	tonizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanemu	tonizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowane	tonizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowane	tonizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowaniach	tonizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowaniami	tonizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowania	tonizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowania	tonizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowaniem	tonizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanie	tonizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowaniom	tonizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowani	tonizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonizowaniu	tonizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanych	tonizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanych	tonizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanymi	tonizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanym	tonizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowanym	tonizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizowany	tonizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietonizowany	tonizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietonizowań	tonizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizująca	tonizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonizującą	tonizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietonizującego	tonizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietonizującego	tonizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizującej	tonizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonizującemu	tonizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizujące	tonizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizujące	tonizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonizujących	tonizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonizujących	tonizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizującymi	tonizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizującym	tonizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizującym	tonizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonizujący	tonizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonizujący	tonizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietonizujący	tonizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietonowana	tonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonowaną	tonować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietonowanego	tonować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietonowanego	tonować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonowanej	tonować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonowanemu	tonować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonowane	tonować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonowane	tonować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowaniach	tonować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowaniami	tonować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowania	tonować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowania	tonować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowaniem	tonować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowanie	tonować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowaniom	tonować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowani	tonować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonowaniu	tonować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonowanych	tonować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonowanych	tonować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonowanymi	tonować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonowanym	tonować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonowanym	tonować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonowany	tonować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietonowany	tonować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietonowań	tonować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietonująca	tonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonującą	tonować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietonującego	tonować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietonującego	tonować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonującej	tonować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietonującemu	tonować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonujące	tonować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonujące	tonować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietonujących	tonować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonujących	tonować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonującymi	tonować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonującym	tonować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietonującym	tonować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietonujący	tonować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietonujący	tonować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietonujący	tonować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietopiąca	topić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietopiącą	topić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietopiącego	topić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietopiącego	topić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiącej	topić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietopiącemu	topić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiące	topić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiące	topić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopiących	topić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietopiących	topić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiącymi	topić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiącym	topić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiącym	topić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiący	topić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietopiący	topić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietopiący	topić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietopieniach	topić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopieniami	topić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietopienia	topić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopienia	topić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietopieniem	topić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietopienie	topić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopieniom	topić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietopieni	topić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietopieniu	topić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopień	topić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietopiona	topić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietopioną	topić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietopionego	topić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietopionego	topić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopionej	topić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietopionemu	topić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopione	topić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopione	topić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopionych	topić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietopionych	topić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopionymi	topić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopionym	topić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopionym	topić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopiony	topić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietopiony	topić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietopnięciach	topnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięciami	topnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięcia	topnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięcia	topnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięciem	topnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięcie	topnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięciom	topnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięciu	topnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietopnięć	topnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietopniejąca	topnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącą	topnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącego	topnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącego	topnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącej	topnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącemu	topnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejące	topnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejące	topnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejących	topnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietopniejących	topnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącymi	topnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącym	topnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejącym	topnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietopniejący	topnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietopniejący	topnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietopniejący	topnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietopnieniach	topnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnieniami	topnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnienia	topnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnienia	topnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnieniem	topnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnienie	topnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnieniom	topnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnieniu	topnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietopnień	topnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejąca	torfieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącą	torfieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącego	torfieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącego	torfieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącej	torfieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącemu	torfieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejące	torfieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejące	torfieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejących	torfieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejących	torfieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącymi	torfieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącym	torfieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejącym	torfieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejący	torfieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejący	torfieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorfiejący	torfieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorfieniach	torfieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfieniami	torfieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfienia	torfieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfienia	torfieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfieniem	torfieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfienie	torfieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfieniom	torfieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfieniu	torfieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfień	torfieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowana	torfować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfowaną	torfować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanego	torfować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanego	torfować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanej	torfować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanemu	torfować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowane	torfować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowane	torfować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowaniach	torfować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowaniami	torfować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowania	torfować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowania	torfować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowaniem	torfować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanie	torfować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowaniom	torfować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowani	torfować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorfowaniu	torfować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanych	torfować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanych	torfować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanymi	torfować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanym	torfować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowanym	torfować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfowany	torfować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorfowany	torfować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorfowań	torfować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfująca	torfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfującą	torfować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfującego	torfować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorfującego	torfować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfującej	torfować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorfującemu	torfować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfujące	torfować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfujące	torfować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorfujących	torfować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorfujących	torfować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfującymi	torfować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfującym	torfować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfującym	torfować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorfujący	torfować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorfujący	torfować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorfujący	torfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowana	torkretować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowaną	torkretować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanego	torkretować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanego	torkretować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanej	torkretować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanemu	torkretować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowane	torkretować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowane	torkretować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowaniach	torkretować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowaniami	torkretować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowania	torkretować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowania	torkretować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowaniem	torkretować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanie	torkretować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowaniom	torkretować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowani	torkretować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowaniu	torkretować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanych	torkretować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanych	torkretować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanymi	torkretować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanym	torkretować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowanym	torkretować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowany	torkretować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowany	torkretować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorkretowań	torkretować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretująca	torkretować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującą	torkretować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującego	torkretować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującego	torkretować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującej	torkretować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującemu	torkretować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretujące	torkretować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretujące	torkretować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretujących	torkretować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorkretujących	torkretować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującymi	torkretować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującym	torkretować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretującym	torkretować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorkretujący	torkretować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorkretujący	torkretować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorkretujący	torkretować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorowana	torować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorowaną	torować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorowanego	torować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorowanego	torować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorowanej	torować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorowanemu	torować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorowane	torować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorowane	torować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowaniach	torować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowaniami	torować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowania	torować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowania	torować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowaniem	torować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowanie	torować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowaniom	torować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowani	torować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorowaniu	torować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorowanych	torować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorowanych	torować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorowanymi	torować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorowanym	torować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorowanym	torować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorowany	torować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorowany	torować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorowań	torować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorująca	torować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorującą	torować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorującego	torować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorującego	torować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorującej	torować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorującemu	torować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorujące	torować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorujące	torować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorujących	torować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorujących	torować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorującymi	torować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorującym	torować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorującym	torować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorujący	torować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorujący	torować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorujący	torować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowana	torpedować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowaną	torpedować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanego	torpedować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanego	torpedować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanej	torpedować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanemu	torpedować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowane	torpedować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowane	torpedować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowaniach	torpedować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowaniami	torpedować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowania	torpedować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowania	torpedować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowaniem	torpedować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanie	torpedować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowaniom	torpedować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowani	torpedować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowaniu	torpedować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanych	torpedować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanych	torpedować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanymi	torpedować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanym	torpedować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowanym	torpedować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowany	torpedować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowany	torpedować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorpedowań	torpedować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedująca	torpedować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującą	torpedować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującego	torpedować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującego	torpedować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującej	torpedować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującemu	torpedować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedujące	torpedować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedujące	torpedować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedujących	torpedować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorpedujących	torpedować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującymi	torpedować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującym	torpedować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedującym	torpedować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorpedujący	torpedować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorpedujący	torpedować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorpedujący	torpedować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorturowana	torturować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorturowaną	torturować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanego	torturować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanego	torturować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanej	torturować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanemu	torturować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowane	torturować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowane	torturować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowaniach	torturować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowaniami	torturować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowania	torturować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowania	torturować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowaniem	torturować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanie	torturować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowaniom	torturować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowani	torturować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorturowaniu	torturować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanych	torturować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanych	torturować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanymi	torturować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanym	torturować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowanym	torturować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturowany	torturować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorturowany	torturować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietorturowań	torturować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturująca	torturować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorturującą	torturować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietorturującego	torturować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietorturującego	torturować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturującej	torturować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietorturującemu	torturować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturujące	torturować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturujące	torturować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietorturujących	torturować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorturujących	torturować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturującymi	torturować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturującym	torturować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturującym	torturować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietorturujący	torturować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietorturujący	torturować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietorturujący	torturować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowana	totalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowaną	totalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanego	totalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanego	totalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanej	totalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanemu	totalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowane	totalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowane	totalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowaniach	totalizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowaniami	totalizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowania	totalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowania	totalizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowaniem	totalizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanie	totalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowaniom	totalizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowani	totalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowaniu	totalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanych	totalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanych	totalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanymi	totalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanym	totalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowanym	totalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowany	totalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowany	totalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietotalizowań	totalizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizująca	totalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującą	totalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującego	totalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującego	totalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującej	totalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującemu	totalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizujące	totalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizujące	totalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizujących	totalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietotalizujących	totalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującymi	totalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującym	totalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizującym	totalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietotalizujący	totalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietotalizujący	totalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietotalizujący	totalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietowarzysząca	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącą	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącego	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącego	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącej	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącemu	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszące	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszące	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszących	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszących	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącymi	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącym	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącym	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszący	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszący	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszący	towarzyszyć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniach	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniami	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszenia	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszenia	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniem	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszenie	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniom	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniu	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeń	towarzyszyć:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzysząca	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącą	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącego	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącego	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącej	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącemu	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszące	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszące	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszących	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszących	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącymi	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącym	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszącym	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszący	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszący	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszący	towarzyszyć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniach	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniami	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszenia	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszenia	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniem	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszenie	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniom	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeniu	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietowarzyszeń	towarzyszyć:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietracąca	tracić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietracącą	tracić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietracącego	tracić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietracącego	tracić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietracącej	tracić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietracącemu	tracić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietracące	tracić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietracące	tracić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietracących	tracić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietracących	tracić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietracącymi	tracić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietracącym	tracić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietracącym	tracić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietracący	tracić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietracący	tracić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietracący	tracić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietraceniach	tracić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraceniami	tracić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietracenia	tracić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietracenia	tracić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietraceniem	tracić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietracenie	tracić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraceniom	tracić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietraceni	tracić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraceniu	tracić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraceń	tracić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietracona	tracić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraconą	tracić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietraconego	tracić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietraconego	tracić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraconej	tracić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraconemu	tracić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietracone	tracić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietracone	tracić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraconych	tracić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraconych	tracić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraconymi	tracić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraconym	tracić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraconym	tracić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietracony	tracić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietracony	tracić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietradowana	tradować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradowaną	tradować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietradowanego	tradować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietradowanego	tradować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradowanej	tradować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradowanemu	tradować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradowane	tradować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradowane	tradować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowaniach	tradować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowaniami	tradować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowania	tradować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowania	tradować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowaniem	tradować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowanie	tradować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowaniom	tradować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowani	tradować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradowaniu	tradować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradowanych	tradować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradowanych	tradować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradowanymi	tradować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradowanym	tradować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradowanym	tradować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradowany	tradować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietradowany	tradować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietradowań	tradować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietradująca	tradować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradującą	tradować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietradującego	tradować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietradującego	tradować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradującej	tradować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradującemu	tradować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradujące	tradować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradujące	tradować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradujących	tradować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradujących	tradować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradującymi	tradować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradującym	tradować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradującym	tradować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradujący	tradować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradujący	tradować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietradujący	tradować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowana	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowaną	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanego	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanego	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanej	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanemu	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowane	tradycjonalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowane	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowaniach	tradycjonalizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowaniami	tradycjonalizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowania	tradycjonalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowania	tradycjonalizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowaniem	tradycjonalizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanie	tradycjonalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowaniom	tradycjonalizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowani	tradycjonalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowaniu	tradycjonalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanych	tradycjonalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanych	tradycjonalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanymi	tradycjonalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanym	tradycjonalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowanym	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowany	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowany	tradycjonalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizowań	tradycjonalizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizująca	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującą	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującego	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującego	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującej	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującemu	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizujące	tradycjonalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizujące	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizujących	tradycjonalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizujących	tradycjonalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującymi	tradycjonalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującym	tradycjonalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizującym	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizujący	tradycjonalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizujący	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietradycjonalizujący	tradycjonalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafiająca	trafiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającą	trafiać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającego	trafiać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającego	trafiać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającej	trafiać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającemu	trafiać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiające	trafiać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiające	trafiać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiających	trafiać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafiających	trafiać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającymi	trafiać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającym	trafiać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiającym	trafiać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiający	trafiać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafiający	trafiać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafiający	trafiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafiana	trafiać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafianą	trafiać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafianego	trafiać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrafianego	trafiać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianej	trafiać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafianemu	trafiać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiane	trafiać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiane	trafiać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianiach	trafiać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianiami	trafiać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiania	trafiać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiania	trafiać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianiem	trafiać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianie	trafiać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianiom	trafiać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiani	trafiać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafianiu	trafiać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianych	trafiać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafianych	trafiać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianymi	trafiać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianym	trafiać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafianym	trafiać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafiany	trafiać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafiany	trafiać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafiań	trafiać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafieniach	trafić	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrafieniami	trafić	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrafienia	trafić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrafienia	trafić	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrafieniem	trafić	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrafienie	trafić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrafieniom	trafić	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrafieni	trafić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrafieniu	trafić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrafień	trafić	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrafiona	trafić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietrafioną	trafić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietrafionego	trafić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietrafionego	trafić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrafionej	trafić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietrafionemu	trafić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrafione	trafić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrafione	trafić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietrafionych	trafić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrafionych	trafić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrafionymi	trafić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrafionym	trafić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrafionym	trafić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrafiony	trafić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietrafiony	trafić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietrafikowana	trafikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowaną	trafikować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanego	trafikować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanego	trafikować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanej	trafikować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanemu	trafikować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowane	trafikować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowane	trafikować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowaniach	trafikować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowaniami	trafikować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowania	trafikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowania	trafikować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowaniem	trafikować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanie	trafikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowaniom	trafikować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowani	trafikować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowaniu	trafikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanych	trafikować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanych	trafikować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanymi	trafikować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanym	trafikować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowanym	trafikować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowany	trafikować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowany	trafikować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafikowań	trafikować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikująca	trafikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującą	trafikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującego	trafikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującego	trafikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującej	trafikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującemu	trafikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikujące	trafikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikujące	trafikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikujących	trafikować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafikujących	trafikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującymi	trafikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującym	trafikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikującym	trafikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrafikujący	trafikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrafikujący	trafikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrafikujący	trafikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietragająca	tragać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietragającą	tragać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietragającego	tragać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietragającego	tragać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragającej	tragać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietragającemu	tragać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragające	tragać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragające	tragać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietragających	tragać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietragających	tragać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragającymi	tragać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragającym	tragać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragającym	tragać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragający	tragać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietragający	tragać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietragający	tragać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietragana	tragać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraganą	tragać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietraganego	tragać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietraganego	tragać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraganej	tragać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraganemu	tragać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragane	tragać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragane	tragać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraganiach	tragać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraganiami	tragać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietragania	tragać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietragania	tragać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietraganiem	tragać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietraganie	tragać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraganiom	tragać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietragani	tragać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraganiu	tragać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraganych	tragać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraganych	tragać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraganymi	tragać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraganym	tragać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraganym	tragać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragany	tragać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietragany	tragać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietragań	tragać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowaniach	tragizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowaniami	tragizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowania	tragizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowania	tragizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowaniem	tragizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowanie	tragizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowaniom	tragizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowaniu	tragizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizowań	tragizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizująca	tragizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietragizującą	tragizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietragizującego	tragizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietragizującego	tragizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragizującej	tragizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietragizującemu	tragizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragizujące	tragizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragizujące	tragizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietragizujących	tragizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietragizujących	tragizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragizującymi	tragizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragizującym	tragizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietragizującym	tragizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietragizujący	tragizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietragizujący	tragizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietragizujący	tragizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowana	trajbować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowaną	trajbować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanego	trajbować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanego	trajbować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanej	trajbować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanemu	trajbować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowane	trajbować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowane	trajbować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowaniach	trajbować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowaniami	trajbować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowania	trajbować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowania	trajbować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowaniem	trajbować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanie	trajbować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowaniom	trajbować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowani	trajbować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowaniu	trajbować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanych	trajbować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanych	trajbować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanymi	trajbować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanym	trajbować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowanym	trajbować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowany	trajbować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowany	trajbować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajbowań	trajbować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbująca	trajbować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującą	trajbować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującego	trajbować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującego	trajbować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującej	trajbować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującemu	trajbować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbujące	trajbować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbujące	trajbować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbujących	trajbować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajbujących	trajbować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującymi	trajbować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującym	trajbować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbującym	trajbować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajbujący	trajbować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajbujący	trajbować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajbujący	trajbować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajdająca	trajdać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającą	trajdać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającego	trajdać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającego	trajdać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającej	trajdać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającemu	trajdać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdające	trajdać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdające	trajdać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdających	trajdać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajdających	trajdać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającymi	trajdać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającym	trajdać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdającym	trajdać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdający	trajdać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajdający	trajdać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajdający	trajdać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajdaniach	trajdać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdaniami	trajdać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdania	trajdać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdania	trajdać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdaniem	trajdać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdanie	trajdać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdaniom	trajdać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdaniu	trajdać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajdań	trajdać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocąca	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącą	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącego	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącego	trajkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącej	trajkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącemu	trajkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocące	trajkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocące	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocących	trajkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocących	trajkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącymi	trajkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącym	trajkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocącym	trajkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocący	trajkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocący	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocący	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajkocząca	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącą	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącego	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącego	trajkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącej	trajkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącemu	trajkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczące	trajkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczące	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczących	trajkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczących	trajkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącymi	trajkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącym	trajkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczącym	trajkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczący	trajkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczący	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajkoczący	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotająca	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającą	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającego	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającego	trajkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającej	trajkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającemu	trajkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotające	trajkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotające	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotających	trajkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotających	trajkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającymi	trajkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającym	trajkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotającym	trajkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotający	trajkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotający	trajkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotający	trajkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrajkotana	trajkotać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotaną	trajkotać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanego	trajkotać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanego	trajkotać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanej	trajkotać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanemu	trajkotać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotane	trajkotać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotane	trajkotać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotaniach	trajkotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotaniami	trajkotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotania	trajkotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotania	trajkotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotaniem	trajkotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanie	trajkotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotaniom	trajkotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotani	trajkotać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotaniu	trajkotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanych	trajkotać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanych	trajkotać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanymi	trajkotać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanym	trajkotać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotanym	trajkotać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotany	trajkotać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotany	trajkotać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajkotań	trajkotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowaniach	trajlować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowaniami	trajlować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowania	trajlować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowania	trajlować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowaniem	trajlować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowanie	trajlować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowaniom	trajlować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowaniu	trajlować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlowań	trajlować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlująca	trajlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującą	trajlować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującego	trajlować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującego	trajlować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującej	trajlować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującemu	trajlować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlujące	trajlować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlujące	trajlować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlujących	trajlować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajlujących	trajlować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującymi	trajlować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującym	trajlować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlującym	trajlować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrajlujący	trajlować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrajlujący	trajlować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrajlujący	trajlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietraktowana	traktować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraktowaną	traktować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanego	traktować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanego	traktować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanej	traktować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanemu	traktować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowane	traktować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowane	traktować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowaniach	traktować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowaniami	traktować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowania	traktować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowania	traktować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowaniem	traktować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanie	traktować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowaniom	traktować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowani	traktować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraktowaniu	traktować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanych	traktować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanych	traktować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanymi	traktować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanym	traktować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowanym	traktować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktowany	traktować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietraktowany	traktować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietraktowań	traktować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktująca	traktować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraktującą	traktować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietraktującego	traktować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietraktującego	traktować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktującej	traktować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraktującemu	traktować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktujące	traktować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktujące	traktować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraktujących	traktować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraktujących	traktować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktującymi	traktować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktującym	traktować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktującym	traktować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraktujący	traktować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraktujący	traktować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietraktujący	traktować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietralkowana	tralkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietralkowaną	tralkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanego	tralkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanego	tralkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanej	tralkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanemu	tralkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowane	tralkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowane	tralkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowaniach	tralkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowaniami	tralkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowania	tralkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowania	tralkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowaniem	tralkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanie	tralkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowaniom	tralkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowani	tralkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietralkowaniu	tralkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanych	tralkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanych	tralkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanymi	tralkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanym	tralkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowanym	tralkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkowany	tralkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietralkowany	tralkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietralkowań	tralkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkująca	tralkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietralkującą	tralkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietralkującego	tralkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietralkującego	tralkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkującej	tralkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietralkującemu	tralkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkujące	tralkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkujące	tralkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietralkujących	tralkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietralkujących	tralkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkującymi	tralkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkującym	tralkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkującym	tralkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietralkujący	tralkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietralkujący	tralkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietralkujący	tralkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrałowana	trałować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrałowaną	trałować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanego	trałować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanego	trałować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanej	trałować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanemu	trałować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowane	trałować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowane	trałować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowaniach	trałować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowaniami	trałować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowania	trałować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowania	trałować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowaniem	trałować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanie	trałować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowaniom	trałować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowani	trałować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrałowaniu	trałować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanych	trałować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanych	trałować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanymi	trałować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanym	trałować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowanym	trałować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałowany	trałować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrałowany	trałować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrałowań	trałować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałująca	trałować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrałującą	trałować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrałującego	trałować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrałującego	trałować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałującej	trałować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrałującemu	trałować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałujące	trałować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałujące	trałować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrałujących	trałować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrałujących	trałować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałującymi	trałować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałującym	trałować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałującym	trałować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrałujący	trałować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrałujący	trałować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrałujący	trałować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietramblowaniach	tramblować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowaniami	tramblować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowania	tramblować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowania	tramblować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowaniem	tramblować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowanie	tramblować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowaniom	tramblować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowaniu	tramblować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblowań	tramblować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblująca	tramblować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietramblującą	tramblować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietramblującego	tramblować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietramblującego	tramblować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietramblującej	tramblować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietramblującemu	tramblować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietramblujące	tramblować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietramblujące	tramblować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietramblujących	tramblować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietramblujących	tramblować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietramblującymi	tramblować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietramblującym	tramblować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietramblującym	tramblować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietramblujący	tramblować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietramblujący	tramblować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietramblujący	tramblować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrampowaniach	trampować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowaniami	trampować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowania	trampować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowania	trampować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowaniem	trampować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowanie	trampować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowaniom	trampować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowaniu	trampować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampowań	trampować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampująca	trampować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrampującą	trampować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrampującego	trampować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrampującego	trampować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrampującej	trampować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrampującemu	trampować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrampujące	trampować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrampujące	trampować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrampujących	trampować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrampujących	trampować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrampującymi	trampować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrampującym	trampować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrampującym	trampować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrampujący	trampować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrampujący	trampować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrampujący	trampować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranowiąca	tranowić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącą	tranowić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącego	tranowić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącego	tranowić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącej	tranowić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącemu	tranowić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiące	tranowić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiące	tranowić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiących	tranowić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranowiących	tranowić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącymi	tranowić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącym	tranowić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiącym	tranowić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiący	tranowić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranowiący	tranowić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranowiący	tranowić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranowieniach	tranowić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowieniami	tranowić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowienia	tranowić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowienia	tranowić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowieniem	tranowić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowienie	tranowić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowieniom	tranowić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowieni	tranowić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranowieniu	tranowić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowień	tranowić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiona	tranowić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranowioną	tranowić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranowionego	tranowić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranowionego	tranowić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowionej	tranowić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranowionemu	tranowić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowione	tranowić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowione	tranowić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranowionych	tranowić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranowionych	tranowić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowionymi	tranowić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowionym	tranowić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowionym	tranowić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranowiony	tranowić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranowiony	tranowić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentowana	transakcentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowaną	transakcentować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanego	transakcentować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanego	transakcentować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanej	transakcentować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanemu	transakcentować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowane	transakcentować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowane	transakcentować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowaniach	transakcentować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowaniami	transakcentować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowania	transakcentować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowania	transakcentować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowaniem	transakcentować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanie	transakcentować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowaniom	transakcentować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowani	transakcentować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowaniu	transakcentować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanych	transakcentować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanych	transakcentować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanymi	transakcentować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanym	transakcentować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowanym	transakcentować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowany	transakcentować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowany	transakcentować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentowań	transakcentować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransakcentująca	transakcentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującą	transakcentować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującego	transakcentować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującego	transakcentować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującej	transakcentować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującemu	transakcentować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentujące	transakcentować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentujące	transakcentować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentujących	transakcentować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentujących	transakcentować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującymi	transakcentować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującym	transakcentować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentującym	transakcentować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentujący	transakcentować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentujący	transakcentować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransakcentujący	transakcentować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowana	transcendować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowaną	transcendować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanego	transcendować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanego	transcendować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanej	transcendować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanemu	transcendować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowane	transcendować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowane	transcendować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowaniach	transcendować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowaniami	transcendować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowania	transcendować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowania	transcendować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowaniem	transcendować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanie	transcendować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowaniom	transcendować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowani	transcendować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowaniu	transcendować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanych	transcendować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanych	transcendować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanymi	transcendować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanym	transcendować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowanym	transcendować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowany	transcendować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowany	transcendować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranscendowań	transcendować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendująca	transcendować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującą	transcendować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującego	transcendować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującego	transcendować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującej	transcendować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującemu	transcendować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendujące	transcendować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendujące	transcendować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendujących	transcendować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranscendujących	transcendować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującymi	transcendować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującym	transcendować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendującym	transcendować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranscendujący	transcendować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranscendujący	transcendować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranscendujący	transcendować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransferowana	transferować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransferowaną	transferować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanego	transferować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanego	transferować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanej	transferować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanemu	transferować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowane	transferować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowane	transferować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowaniach	transferować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowaniami	transferować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowania	transferować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowania	transferować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowaniem	transferować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanie	transferować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowaniom	transferować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowani	transferować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransferowaniu	transferować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanych	transferować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanych	transferować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanymi	transferować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanym	transferować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowanym	transferować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferowany	transferować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransferowany	transferować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransferowań	transferować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferująca	transferować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransferującą	transferować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransferującego	transferować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransferującego	transferować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferującej	transferować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransferującemu	transferować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferujące	transferować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferujące	transferować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransferujących	transferować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransferujących	transferować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferującymi	transferować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferującym	transferować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferującym	transferować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransferujący	transferować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransferujący	transferować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransferujący	transferować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowana	transfigurować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowaną	transfigurować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanego	transfigurować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanego	transfigurować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanej	transfigurować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanemu	transfigurować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowane	transfigurować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowane	transfigurować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowaniach	transfigurować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowaniami	transfigurować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowania	transfigurować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowania	transfigurować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowaniem	transfigurować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanie	transfigurować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowaniom	transfigurować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowani	transfigurować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowaniu	transfigurować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanych	transfigurować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanych	transfigurować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanymi	transfigurować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanym	transfigurować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowanym	transfigurować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowany	transfigurować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowany	transfigurować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurowań	transfigurować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurująca	transfigurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującą	transfigurować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującego	transfigurować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującego	transfigurować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującej	transfigurować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującemu	transfigurować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurujące	transfigurować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurujące	transfigurować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurujących	transfigurować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurujących	transfigurować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującymi	transfigurować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującym	transfigurować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurującym	transfigurować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurujący	transfigurować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurujący	transfigurować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransfigurujący	transfigurować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransformowana	transformować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransformowaną	transformować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanego	transformować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanego	transformować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanej	transformować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanemu	transformować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowane	transformować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowane	transformować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowaniach	transformować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowaniami	transformować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowania	transformować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowania	transformować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowaniem	transformować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanie	transformować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowaniom	transformować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowani	transformować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransformowaniu	transformować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanych	transformować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanych	transformować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanymi	transformować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanym	transformować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowanym	transformować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformowany	transformować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransformowany	transformować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransformowań	transformować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformująca	transformować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransformującą	transformować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransformującego	transformować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransformującego	transformować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformującej	transformować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransformującemu	transformować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformujące	transformować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformujące	transformować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransformujących	transformować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransformujących	transformować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformującymi	transformować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformującym	transformować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformującym	transformować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransformujący	transformować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransformujący	transformować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransformujący	transformować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowana	transgresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowaną	transgresować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanego	transgresować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanego	transgresować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanej	transgresować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanemu	transgresować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowane	transgresować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowane	transgresować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowaniach	transgresować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowaniami	transgresować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowania	transgresować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowania	transgresować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowaniem	transgresować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanie	transgresować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowaniom	transgresować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowani	transgresować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowaniu	transgresować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanych	transgresować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanych	transgresować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanymi	transgresować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanym	transgresować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowanym	transgresować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowany	transgresować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowany	transgresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransgresowań	transgresować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresująca	transgresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującą	transgresować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującego	transgresować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującego	transgresować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującej	transgresować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującemu	transgresować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresujące	transgresować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresujące	transgresować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresujących	transgresować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransgresujących	transgresować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującymi	transgresować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującym	transgresować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresującym	transgresować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransgresujący	transgresować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransgresujący	transgresować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransgresujący	transgresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowana	transkodować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowaną	transkodować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanego	transkodować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanego	transkodować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanej	transkodować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanemu	transkodować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowane	transkodować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowane	transkodować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowaniach	transkodować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowaniami	transkodować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowania	transkodować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowania	transkodować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowaniem	transkodować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanie	transkodować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowaniom	transkodować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowani	transkodować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowaniu	transkodować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanych	transkodować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanych	transkodować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanymi	transkodować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanym	transkodować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowanym	transkodować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowany	transkodować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowany	transkodować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskodowań	transkodować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodująca	transkodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującą	transkodować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującego	transkodować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującego	transkodować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującej	transkodować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującemu	transkodować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodujące	transkodować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodujące	transkodować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodujących	transkodować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskodujących	transkodować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującymi	transkodować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującym	transkodować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodującym	transkodować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskodujący	transkodować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskodujący	transkodować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskodujący	transkodować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowana	transkrybować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowaną	transkrybować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanego	transkrybować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanego	transkrybować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanej	transkrybować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanemu	transkrybować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowane	transkrybować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowane	transkrybować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowaniach	transkrybować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowaniami	transkrybować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowania	transkrybować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowania	transkrybować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowaniem	transkrybować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanie	transkrybować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowaniom	transkrybować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowani	transkrybować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowaniu	transkrybować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanych	transkrybować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanych	transkrybować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanymi	transkrybować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanym	transkrybować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowanym	transkrybować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowany	transkrybować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowany	transkrybować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybowań	transkrybować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybująca	transkrybować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującą	transkrybować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującego	transkrybować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującego	transkrybować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującej	transkrybować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującemu	transkrybować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybujące	transkrybować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybujące	transkrybować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybujących	transkrybować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybujących	transkrybować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującymi	transkrybować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującym	transkrybować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybującym	transkrybować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybujący	transkrybować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybujący	transkrybować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranskrybujący	transkrybować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowana	transliterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowaną	transliterować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanego	transliterować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanego	transliterować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanej	transliterować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanemu	transliterować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowane	transliterować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowane	transliterować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowaniach	transliterować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowaniami	transliterować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowania	transliterować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowania	transliterować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowaniem	transliterować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanie	transliterować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowaniom	transliterować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowani	transliterować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowaniu	transliterować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanych	transliterować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanych	transliterować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanymi	transliterować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanym	transliterować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowanym	transliterować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowany	transliterować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowany	transliterować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransliterowań	transliterować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterująca	transliterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującą	transliterować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującego	transliterować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującego	transliterować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującej	transliterować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującemu	transliterować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterujące	transliterować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterujące	transliterować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterujących	transliterować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransliterujących	transliterować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującymi	transliterować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującym	transliterować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterującym	transliterować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransliterujący	transliterować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransliterujący	transliterować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransliterujący	transliterować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowana	translokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowaną	translokować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanego	translokować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanego	translokować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanej	translokować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanemu	translokować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowane	translokować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowane	translokować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowaniach	translokować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowaniami	translokować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowania	translokować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowania	translokować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowaniem	translokować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanie	translokować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowaniom	translokować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowani	translokować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowaniu	translokować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanych	translokować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanych	translokować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanymi	translokować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanym	translokować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowanym	translokować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowany	translokować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowany	translokować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranslokowań	translokować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokująca	translokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującą	translokować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującego	translokować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującego	translokować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującej	translokować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującemu	translokować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokujące	translokować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokujące	translokować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokujących	translokować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranslokujących	translokować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującymi	translokować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującym	translokować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokującym	translokować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranslokujący	translokować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranslokujący	translokować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranslokujący	translokować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowana	transmitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowaną	transmitować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanego	transmitować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanego	transmitować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanej	transmitować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanemu	transmitować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowane	transmitować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowane	transmitować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowaniach	transmitować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowaniami	transmitować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowania	transmitować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowania	transmitować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowaniem	transmitować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanie	transmitować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowaniom	transmitować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowani	transmitować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowaniu	transmitować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanych	transmitować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanych	transmitować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanymi	transmitować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanym	transmitować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowanym	transmitować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowany	transmitować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowany	transmitować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmitowań	transmitować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitująca	transmitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującą	transmitować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującego	transmitować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującego	transmitować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującej	transmitować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującemu	transmitować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitujące	transmitować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitujące	transmitować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitujących	transmitować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmitujących	transmitować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującymi	transmitować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującym	transmitować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitującym	transmitować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmitujący	transmitować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmitujący	transmitować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmitujący	transmitować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowana	transmutować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowaną	transmutować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanego	transmutować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanego	transmutować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanej	transmutować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanemu	transmutować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowane	transmutować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowane	transmutować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowaniach	transmutować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowaniami	transmutować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowania	transmutować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowania	transmutować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowaniem	transmutować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanie	transmutować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowaniom	transmutować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowani	transmutować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowaniu	transmutować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanych	transmutować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanych	transmutować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanymi	transmutować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanym	transmutować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowanym	transmutować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowany	transmutować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowany	transmutować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmutowań	transmutować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutująca	transmutować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującą	transmutować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującego	transmutować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującego	transmutować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującej	transmutować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującemu	transmutować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutujące	transmutować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutujące	transmutować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutujących	transmutować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmutujących	transmutować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującymi	transmutować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującym	transmutować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutującym	transmutować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransmutujący	transmutować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransmutujący	transmutować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransmutujący	transmutować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowana	transpirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowaną	transpirować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanego	transpirować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanego	transpirować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanej	transpirować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanemu	transpirować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowane	transpirować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowane	transpirować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowaniach	transpirować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowaniami	transpirować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowania	transpirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowania	transpirować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowaniem	transpirować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanie	transpirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowaniom	transpirować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowani	transpirować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowaniu	transpirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanych	transpirować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanych	transpirować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanymi	transpirować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanym	transpirować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowanym	transpirować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowany	transpirować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowany	transpirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietranspirowań	transpirować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirująca	transpirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującą	transpirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującego	transpirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującego	transpirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującej	transpirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującemu	transpirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirujące	transpirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirujące	transpirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirujących	transpirować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranspirujących	transpirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującymi	transpirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującym	transpirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirującym	transpirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietranspirujący	transpirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietranspirujący	transpirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietranspirujący	transpirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransplantowana	transplantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowaną	transplantować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanego	transplantować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanego	transplantować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanej	transplantować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanemu	transplantować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowane	transplantować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowane	transplantować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowaniach	transplantować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowaniami	transplantować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowania	transplantować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowania	transplantować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowaniem	transplantować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanie	transplantować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowaniom	transplantować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowani	transplantować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowaniu	transplantować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanych	transplantować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanych	transplantować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanymi	transplantować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanym	transplantować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowanym	transplantować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowany	transplantować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowany	transplantować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantowań	transplantować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransplantująca	transplantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującą	transplantować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującego	transplantować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującego	transplantować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującej	transplantować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującemu	transplantować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantujące	transplantować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantujące	transplantować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantujących	transplantować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransplantujących	transplantować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującymi	transplantować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującym	transplantować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantującym	transplantować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransplantujący	transplantować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransplantujący	transplantować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransplantujący	transplantować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransponowana	transponować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransponowaną	transponować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanego	transponować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanego	transponować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanej	transponować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanemu	transponować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowane	transponować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowane	transponować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowaniach	transponować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowaniami	transponować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowania	transponować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowania	transponować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowaniem	transponować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanie	transponować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowaniom	transponować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowani	transponować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransponowaniu	transponować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanych	transponować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanych	transponować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanymi	transponować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanym	transponować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowanym	transponować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponowany	transponować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransponowany	transponować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransponowań	transponować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponująca	transponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransponującą	transponować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransponującego	transponować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransponującego	transponować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponującej	transponować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransponującemu	transponować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponujące	transponować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponujące	transponować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransponujących	transponować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransponujących	transponować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponującymi	transponować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponującym	transponować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponującym	transponować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransponujący	transponować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransponujący	transponować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransponujący	transponować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransportowana	transportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransportowaną	transportować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanego	transportować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanego	transportować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanej	transportować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanemu	transportować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowane	transportować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowane	transportować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowaniach	transportować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowaniami	transportować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowania	transportować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowania	transportować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowaniem	transportować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanie	transportować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowaniom	transportować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowani	transportować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransportowaniu	transportować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanych	transportować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanych	transportować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanymi	transportować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanym	transportować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowanym	transportować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportowany	transportować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransportowany	transportować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransportowań	transportować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportująca	transportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransportującą	transportować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransportującego	transportować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransportującego	transportować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportującej	transportować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransportującemu	transportować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportujące	transportować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportujące	transportować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransportujących	transportować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransportujących	transportować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportującymi	transportować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportującym	transportować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportującym	transportować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransportujący	transportować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransportujący	transportować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransportujący	transportować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietransumowana	transumować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowaną	transumować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanego	transumować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanego	transumować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanej	transumować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanemu	transumować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowane	transumować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowane	transumować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowaniach	transumować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowaniami	transumować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowania	transumować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowania	transumować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowaniem	transumować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanie	transumować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowaniom	transumować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowani	transumować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowaniu	transumować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanych	transumować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanych	transumować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanymi	transumować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanym	transumować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowanym	transumować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowany	transumować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowany	transumować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumowań	transumować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietransumująca	transumować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransumującą	transumować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietransumującego	transumować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietransumującego	transumować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransumującej	transumować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietransumującemu	transumować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransumujące	transumować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransumujące	transumować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietransumujących	transumować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransumujących	transumować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransumującymi	transumować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransumującym	transumować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietransumującym	transumować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietransumujący	transumować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietransumujący	transumować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietransumujący	transumować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrapiąca	trapić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącą	trapić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącego	trapić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącego	trapić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącej	trapić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącemu	trapić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiące	trapić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiące	trapić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiących	trapić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrapiących	trapić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącymi	trapić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącym	trapić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiącym	trapić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiący	trapić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrapiący	trapić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrapiący	trapić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrapieniach	trapić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapieniami	trapić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapienia	trapić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapienia	trapić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapieniem	trapić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapienie	trapić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapieniom	trapić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapieni	trapić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrapieniu	trapić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapień	trapić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiona	trapić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrapioną	trapić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrapionego	trapić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrapionego	trapić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapionej	trapić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrapionemu	trapić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapione	trapić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapione	trapić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrapionych	trapić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrapionych	trapić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapionymi	trapić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapionym	trapić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapionym	trapić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrapiony	trapić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrapiony	trapić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasowana	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaną	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanego	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanego	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanej	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanemu	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowane	trasować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowane	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniach	trasować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniami	trasować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowania	trasować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowania	trasować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniem	trasować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanie	trasować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniom	trasować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowani	trasować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniu	trasować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanych	trasować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanych	trasować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanymi	trasować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanym	trasować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanym	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowany	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasowany	trasować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasowań	trasować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasująca	trasować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasującą	trasować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasującego	trasować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrasującego	trasować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującej	trasować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasującemu	trasować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujące	trasować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujące	trasować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujących	trasować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasujących	trasować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującymi	trasować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującym	trasować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującym	trasować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujący	trasować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasujący	trasować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasujący	trasować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasowana	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaną	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanego	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanego	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanej	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanemu	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowane	trasować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowane	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniach	trasować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniami	trasować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowania	trasować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowania	trasować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniem	trasować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanie	trasować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniom	trasować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowani	trasować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasowaniu	trasować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanych	trasować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanych	trasować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanymi	trasować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanym	trasować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowanym	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasowany	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasowany	trasować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasowań	trasować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasująca	trasować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasującą	trasować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasującego	trasować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrasującego	trasować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującej	trasować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrasującemu	trasować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujące	trasować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujące	trasować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujących	trasować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasujących	trasować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującymi	trasować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującym	trasować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasującym	trasować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrasujący	trasować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrasujący	trasować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrasujący	trasować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietratowana	tratować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietratowaną	tratować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietratowanego	tratować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietratowanego	tratować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietratowanej	tratować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietratowanemu	tratować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietratowane	tratować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratowane	tratować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowaniach	tratować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowaniami	tratować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowania	tratować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowania	tratować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowaniem	tratować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowanie	tratować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowaniom	tratować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowani	tratować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietratowaniu	tratować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietratowanych	tratować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietratowanych	tratować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratowanymi	tratować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratowanym	tratować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratowanym	tratować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietratowany	tratować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietratowany	tratować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietratowań	tratować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietratująca	tratować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietratującą	tratować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietratującego	tratować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietratującego	tratować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietratującej	tratować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietratującemu	tratować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietratujące	tratować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratujące	tratować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietratujących	tratować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietratujących	tratować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratującymi	tratować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratującym	tratować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietratującym	tratować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietratujący	tratować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietratujący	tratować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietratujący	tratować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowana	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowaną	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanego	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanego	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanej	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanemu	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowane	traumatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowane	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowaniach	traumatyzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowaniami	traumatyzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowania	traumatyzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowania	traumatyzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowaniem	traumatyzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanie	traumatyzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowaniom	traumatyzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowani	traumatyzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowaniu	traumatyzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanych	traumatyzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanych	traumatyzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanymi	traumatyzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanym	traumatyzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowanym	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowany	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowany	traumatyzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzowań	traumatyzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzująca	traumatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującą	traumatyzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującego	traumatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującego	traumatyzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującej	traumatyzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującemu	traumatyzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzujące	traumatyzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzujące	traumatyzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzujących	traumatyzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzujących	traumatyzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującymi	traumatyzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującym	traumatyzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzującym	traumatyzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzujący	traumatyzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzujący	traumatyzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietraumatyzujący	traumatyzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowana	trawersować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowaną	trawersować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanego	trawersować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanego	trawersować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanej	trawersować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanemu	trawersować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowane	trawersować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowane	trawersować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowaniach	trawersować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowaniami	trawersować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowania	trawersować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowania	trawersować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowaniem	trawersować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanie	trawersować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowaniom	trawersować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowani	trawersować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowaniu	trawersować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanych	trawersować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanych	trawersować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanymi	trawersować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanym	trawersować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowanym	trawersować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowany	trawersować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowany	trawersować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawersowań	trawersować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersująca	trawersować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującą	trawersować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującego	trawersować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującego	trawersować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującej	trawersować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującemu	trawersować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersujące	trawersować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersujące	trawersować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersujących	trawersować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawersujących	trawersować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującymi	trawersować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującym	trawersować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersującym	trawersować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawersujący	trawersować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawersujący	trawersować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawersujący	trawersować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowana	trawestować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowaną	trawestować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanego	trawestować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanego	trawestować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanej	trawestować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanemu	trawestować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowane	trawestować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowane	trawestować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowaniach	trawestować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowaniami	trawestować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowania	trawestować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowania	trawestować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowaniem	trawestować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanie	trawestować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowaniom	trawestować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowani	trawestować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowaniu	trawestować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanych	trawestować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanych	trawestować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanymi	trawestować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanym	trawestować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowanym	trawestować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowany	trawestować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowany	trawestować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawestowań	trawestować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestująca	trawestować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującą	trawestować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującego	trawestować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującego	trawestować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującej	trawestować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującemu	trawestować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestujące	trawestować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestujące	trawestować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestujących	trawestować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawestujących	trawestować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującymi	trawestować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującym	trawestować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestującym	trawestować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawestujący	trawestować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawestujący	trawestować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawestujący	trawestować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawiąca	trawić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącą	trawić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącego	trawić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącego	trawić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącej	trawić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącemu	trawić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiące	trawić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiące	trawić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiących	trawić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawiących	trawić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącymi	trawić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącym	trawić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiącym	trawić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiący	trawić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawiący	trawić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawiący	trawić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawieniach	trawić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawieniami	trawić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawienia	trawić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawienia	trawić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawieniem	trawić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawienie	trawić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawieniom	trawić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawieni	trawić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawieniu	trawić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawień	trawić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiona	trawić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawioną	trawić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawionego	trawić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawionego	trawić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawionej	trawić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawionemu	trawić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawione	trawić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawione	trawić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawionych	trawić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawionych	trawić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawionymi	trawić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawionym	trawić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawionym	trawić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawiony	trawić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawiony	trawić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowana	trawlować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowaną	trawlować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanego	trawlować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanego	trawlować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanej	trawlować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanemu	trawlować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowane	trawlować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowane	trawlować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowaniach	trawlować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowaniami	trawlować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowania	trawlować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowania	trawlować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowaniem	trawlować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanie	trawlować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowaniom	trawlować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowani	trawlować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowaniu	trawlować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanych	trawlować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanych	trawlować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanymi	trawlować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanym	trawlować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowanym	trawlować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowany	trawlować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowany	trawlować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawlowań	trawlować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlująca	trawlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującą	trawlować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującego	trawlować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującego	trawlować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującej	trawlować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującemu	trawlować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlujące	trawlować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlujące	trawlować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlujących	trawlować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawlujących	trawlować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującymi	trawlować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującym	trawlować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlującym	trawlować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrawlujący	trawlować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrawlujący	trawlować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrawlujący	trawlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiąca	trąbić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącą	trąbić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącego	trąbić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącego	trąbić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącej	trąbić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącemu	trąbić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiące	trąbić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiące	trąbić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiących	trąbić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiących	trąbić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącymi	trąbić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącym	trąbić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiącym	trąbić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiący	trąbić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiący	trąbić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiący	trąbić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrąbieniach	trąbić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbieniami	trąbić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbienia	trąbić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbienia	trąbić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbieniem	trąbić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbienie	trąbić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbieniom	trąbić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbieni	trąbić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrąbieniu	trąbić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbień	trąbić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiona	trąbić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrąbioną	trąbić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionego	trąbić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionego	trąbić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionej	trąbić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionemu	trąbić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbione	trąbić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbione	trąbić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionych	trąbić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionych	trąbić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionymi	trąbić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionym	trąbić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbionym	trąbić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiony	trąbić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrąbiony	trąbić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrącająca	trącać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącającą	trącać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącającego	trącać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrącającego	trącać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącającej	trącać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącającemu	trącać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącające	trącać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącające	trącać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącających	trącać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrącających	trącać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącającymi	trącać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącającym	trącać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącającym	trącać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącający	trącać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrącający	trącać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrącający	trącać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrącana	trącać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącaną	trącać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącanego	trącać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrącanego	trącać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącanej	trącać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącanemu	trącać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącane	trącać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącane	trącać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącaniach	trącać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącaniami	trącać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącania	trącać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącania	trącać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącaniem	trącać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącanie	trącać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącaniom	trącać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącani	trącać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrącaniu	trącać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącanych	trącać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrącanych	trącać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącanymi	trącać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącanym	trącać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącanym	trącać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącany	trącać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrącany	trącać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrącań	trącać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąceniach	trącić:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrąceniami	trącić:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrącenia	trącić:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrącenia	trącić:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrąceniem	trącić:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrącenie	trącić:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrąceniom	trącić:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrąceni	trącić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrąceniu	trącić:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrąceń	trącić:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrącona	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietrąconą	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietrąconego	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietrąconego	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrąconej	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietrąconemu	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrącone	trącić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrącone	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietrąconych	trącić:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrąconych	trącić:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrąconymi	trącić:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrąconym	trącić:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrąconym	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrącony	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietrącony	trącić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietrącąca	trącić:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącącą	trącić:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącącego	trącić:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrącącego	trącić:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącącej	trącić:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącącemu	trącić:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącące	trącić:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącące	trącić:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącących	trącić:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrącących	trącić:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącącymi	trącić:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącącym	trącić:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącącym	trącić:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącący	trącić:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrącący	trącić:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrącący	trącić:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrąceniach	trącić:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąceniami	trącić:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącenia	trącić:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącenia	trącić:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąceniem	trącić:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrącenie	trącić:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąceniom	trącić:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąceniu	trącić:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrąceń	trącić:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiąca	trefić:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącą	trefić:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącego	trefić:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącego	trefić:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącej	trefić:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącemu	trefić:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiące	trefić:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiące	trefić:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiących	trefić:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefiących	trefić:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącymi	trefić:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącym	trefić:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącym	trefić:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiący	trefić:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefiący	trefić:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefiący	trefić:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniach	trefić:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniami	trefić:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefienia	trefić:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefienia	trefić:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniem	trefić:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefienie	trefić:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniom	trefić:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieni	trefić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniu	trefić:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefień	trefić:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiona	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefioną	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefionego	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrefionego	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionej	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefionemu	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefione	trefić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefione	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionych	trefić:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefionych	trefić:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionymi	trefić:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionym	trefić:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionym	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiony	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefiony	trefić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefiąca	trefić:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącą	trefić:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącego	trefić:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącego	trefić:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącej	trefić:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącemu	trefić:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiące	trefić:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiące	trefić:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiących	trefić:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefiących	trefić:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącymi	trefić:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącym	trefić:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiącym	trefić:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiący	trefić:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefiący	trefić:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefiący	trefić:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniach	trefić:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniami	trefić:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefienia	trefić:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefienia	trefić:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniem	trefić:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefienie	trefić:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniom	trefić:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefieni	trefić:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefieniu	trefić:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefień	trefić:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiona	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefioną	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefionego	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrefionego	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionej	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefionemu	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefione	trefić:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefione	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionych	trefić:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefionych	trefić:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionymi	trefić:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionym	trefić:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefionym	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefiony	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefiony	trefić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefniąca	trefnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącą	trefnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącego	trefnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącego	trefnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącej	trefnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącemu	trefnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniące	trefnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniące	trefnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniących	trefnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefniących	trefnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącymi	trefnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącym	trefnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniącym	trefnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniący	trefnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefniący	trefnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefniący	trefnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefnieniach	trefnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnieniami	trefnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnienia	trefnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnienia	trefnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnieniem	trefnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnienie	trefnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnieniom	trefnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnieni	trefnić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefnieniu	trefnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnień	trefnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniona	trefnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefnioną	trefnić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionego	trefnić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionego	trefnić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionej	trefnić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionemu	trefnić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnione	trefnić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnione	trefnić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionych	trefnić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionych	trefnić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionymi	trefnić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionym	trefnić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnionym	trefnić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefniony	trefnić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefniony	trefnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowaniach	trefnować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowaniami	trefnować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowania	trefnować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowania	trefnować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowaniem	trefnować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowanie	trefnować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowaniom	trefnować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowaniu	trefnować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnowań	trefnować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnująca	trefnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującą	trefnować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującego	trefnować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującego	trefnować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującej	trefnować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującemu	trefnować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnujące	trefnować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnujące	trefnować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnujących	trefnować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefnujących	trefnować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującymi	trefnować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującym	trefnować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnującym	trefnować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrefnujący	trefnować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrefnujący	trefnować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrefnujący	trefnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocąca	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącą	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącego	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącego	trejkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącej	trejkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącemu	trejkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocące	trejkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocące	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocących	trejkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocących	trejkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącymi	trejkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącym	trejkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocącym	trejkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocący	trejkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocący	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocący	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrejkocząca	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącą	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącego	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącego	trejkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącej	trejkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącemu	trejkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczące	trejkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczące	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczących	trejkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczących	trejkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącymi	trejkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącym	trejkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczącym	trejkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczący	trejkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczący	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrejkoczący	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotająca	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającą	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającego	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającego	trejkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającej	trejkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającemu	trejkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotające	trejkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotające	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotających	trejkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotających	trejkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającymi	trejkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającym	trejkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotającym	trejkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotający	trejkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotający	trejkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotający	trejkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietrejkotaniach	trejkotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotaniami	trejkotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotania	trejkotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotania	trejkotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotaniem	trejkotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotanie	trejkotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotaniom	trejkotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotaniu	trejkotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrejkotań	trejkotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowaniach	trelować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowaniami	trelować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowania	trelować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowania	trelować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowaniem	trelować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowanie	trelować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowaniom	trelować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowaniu	trelować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelowań	trelować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelująca	trelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrelującą	trelować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrelującego	trelować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrelującego	trelować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrelującej	trelować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrelującemu	trelować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrelujące	trelować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrelujące	trelować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrelujących	trelować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrelujących	trelować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrelującymi	trelować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrelującym	trelować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrelującym	trelować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrelujący	trelować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrelujący	trelować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrelujący	trelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietremolowana	tremolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremolowaną	tremolować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanego	tremolować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanego	tremolować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanej	tremolować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanemu	tremolować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowane	tremolować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowane	tremolować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowaniach	tremolować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowaniami	tremolować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowania	tremolować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowania	tremolować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowaniem	tremolować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanie	tremolować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowaniom	tremolować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowani	tremolować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremolowaniu	tremolować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanych	tremolować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanych	tremolować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanymi	tremolować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanym	tremolować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowanym	tremolować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolowany	tremolować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietremolowany	tremolować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietremolowań	tremolować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolująca	tremolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremolującą	tremolować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietremolującego	tremolować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietremolującego	tremolować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolującej	tremolować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremolującemu	tremolować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolujące	tremolować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolujące	tremolować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremolujących	tremolować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremolujących	tremolować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolującymi	tremolować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolującym	tremolować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolującym	tremolować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremolujący	tremolować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremolujący	tremolować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietremolujący	tremolować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietremowana	tremować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremowaną	tremować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietremowanego	tremować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietremowanego	tremować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremowanej	tremować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremowanemu	tremować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremowane	tremować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremowane	tremować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowaniach	tremować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowaniami	tremować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowania	tremować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowania	tremować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowaniem	tremować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowanie	tremować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowaniom	tremować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowani	tremować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremowaniu	tremować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremowanych	tremować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremowanych	tremować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremowanymi	tremować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremowanym	tremować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremowanym	tremować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremowany	tremować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietremowany	tremować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietremowań	tremować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietremująca	tremować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremującą	tremować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietremującego	tremować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietremującego	tremować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremującej	tremować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietremującemu	tremować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremujące	tremować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremujące	tremować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietremujących	tremować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremujących	tremować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremującymi	tremować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremującym	tremować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietremującym	tremować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietremujący	tremować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietremujący	tremować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietremujący	tremować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrenowana	trenować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrenowaną	trenować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanego	trenować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanego	trenować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanej	trenować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanemu	trenować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowane	trenować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowane	trenować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowaniach	trenować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowaniami	trenować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowania	trenować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowania	trenować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowaniem	trenować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanie	trenować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowaniom	trenować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowani	trenować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrenowaniu	trenować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanych	trenować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanych	trenować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanymi	trenować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanym	trenować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowanym	trenować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenowany	trenować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrenowany	trenować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrenowań	trenować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenująca	trenować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrenującą	trenować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrenującego	trenować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrenującego	trenować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenującej	trenować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrenującemu	trenować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenujące	trenować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenujące	trenować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrenujących	trenować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrenujących	trenować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenującymi	trenować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenującym	trenować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenującym	trenować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrenujący	trenować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrenujący	trenować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrenujący	trenować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrepanowana	trepanować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowaną	trepanować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanego	trepanować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanego	trepanować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanej	trepanować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanemu	trepanować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowane	trepanować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowane	trepanować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowaniach	trepanować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowaniami	trepanować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowania	trepanować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowania	trepanować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowaniem	trepanować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanie	trepanować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowaniom	trepanować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowani	trepanować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowaniu	trepanować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanych	trepanować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanych	trepanować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanymi	trepanować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanym	trepanować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowanym	trepanować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowany	trepanować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowany	trepanować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanowań	trepanować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nietrepanująca	trepanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującą	trepanować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującego	trepanować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującego	trepanować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującej	trepanować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującemu	trepanować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanujące	trepanować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanujące	trepanować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanujących	trepanować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrepanujących	trepanować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującymi	trepanować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującym	trepanować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanującym	trepanować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrepanujący	trepanować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrepanujący	trepanować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrepanujący	trepanować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietresowana	tresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietresowaną	tresować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietresowanego	tresować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietresowanego	tresować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietresowanej	tresować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietresowanemu	tresować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietresowane	tresować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresowane	tresować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowaniach	tresować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowaniami	tresować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowania	tresować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowania	tresować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowaniem	tresować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowanie	tresować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowaniom	tresować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowani	tresować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietresowaniu	tresować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietresowanych	tresować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietresowanych	tresować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresowanymi	tresować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresowanym	tresować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresowanym	tresować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietresowany	tresować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietresowany	tresować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietresowań	tresować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietresująca	tresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietresującą	tresować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietresującego	tresować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietresującego	tresować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietresującej	tresować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietresującemu	tresować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietresujące	tresować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresujące	tresować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietresujących	tresować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietresujących	tresować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresującymi	tresować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresującym	tresować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietresującym	tresować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietresujący	tresować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietresujący	tresować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietresujący	tresować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaceniach	trędowacieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaceniami	trędowacieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowacenia	trędowacieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowacenia	trędowacieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaceniem	trędowacieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowacenie	trędowacieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaceniom	trędowacieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaceniu	trędowacieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaceń	trędowacieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejąca	trędowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącą	trędowacieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącego	trędowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącego	trędowacieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącej	trędowacieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącemu	trędowacieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejące	trędowacieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejące	trędowacieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejących	trędowacieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejących	trędowacieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącymi	trędowacieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącym	trędowacieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejącym	trędowacieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejący	trędowacieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejący	trędowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrędowaciejący	trędowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiąca	trętwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącą	trętwić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącego	trętwić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącego	trętwić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącej	trętwić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącemu	trętwić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiące	trętwić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiące	trętwić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiących	trętwić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiących	trętwić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącymi	trętwić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącym	trętwić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiącym	trętwić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiący	trętwić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiący	trętwić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiący	trętwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniach	trętwić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniami	trętwić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwienia	trętwić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwienia	trętwić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniem	trętwić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwienie	trętwić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniom	trętwić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieni	trętwić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniu	trętwić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwień	trętwić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiona	trętwić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwioną	trętwić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionego	trętwić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionego	trętwić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionej	trętwić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionemu	trętwić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwione	trętwić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwione	trętwić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionych	trętwić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionych	trętwić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionymi	trętwić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionym	trętwić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwionym	trętwić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiony	trętwić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiony	trętwić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejąca	trętwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącą	trętwieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącego	trętwieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącego	trętwieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącej	trętwieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącemu	trętwieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejące	trętwieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejące	trętwieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejących	trętwieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejących	trętwieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącymi	trętwieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącym	trętwieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejącym	trętwieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejący	trętwieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejący	trętwieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrętwiejący	trętwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniach	trętwieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniami	trętwieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwienia	trętwieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwienia	trętwieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniem	trętwieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwienie	trętwieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniom	trętwieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwieniu	trętwieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrętwień	trętwieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowaniach	triumfować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowaniami	triumfować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowania	triumfować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowania	triumfować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowaniem	triumfować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowanie	triumfować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowaniom	triumfować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowaniu	triumfować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfowań	triumfować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfująca	triumfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującą	triumfować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującego	triumfować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującego	triumfować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującej	triumfować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującemu	triumfować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfujące	triumfować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfujące	triumfować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfujących	triumfować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietriumfujących	triumfować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującymi	triumfować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującym	triumfować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfującym	triumfować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietriumfujący	triumfować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietriumfujący	triumfować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietriumfujący	triumfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrocząca	troczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroczącą	troczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietroczącego	troczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietroczącego	troczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczącej	troczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroczącemu	troczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczące	troczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczące	troczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczących	troczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroczących	troczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczącymi	troczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczącym	troczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczącym	troczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczący	troczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroczący	troczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietroczący	troczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietroczeniach	troczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczeniami	troczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczenia	troczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczenia	troczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczeniem	troczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczenie	troczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczeniom	troczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczeni	troczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroczeniu	troczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczeń	troczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczona	troczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroczoną	troczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietroczonego	troczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietroczonego	troczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczonej	troczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroczonemu	troczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczone	troczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczone	troczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroczonych	troczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroczonych	troczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczonymi	troczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczonym	troczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczonym	troczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroczony	troczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietroczony	troczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrojąca	troić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrojącą	troić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrojącego	troić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrojącego	troić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojącej	troić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrojącemu	troić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojące	troić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojące	troić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojących	troić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrojących	troić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojącymi	troić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojącym	troić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojącym	troić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojący	troić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrojący	troić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrojący	troić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrojeniach	troić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojeniami	troić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojenia	troić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojenia	troić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojeniem	troić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojenie	troić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojeniom	troić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojeni	troić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrojeniu	troić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojeń	troić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojona	troić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrojoną	troić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrojonego	troić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrojonego	troić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojonej	troić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrojonemu	troić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojone	troić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojone	troić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrojonych	troić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrojonych	troić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojonymi	troić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojonym	troić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojonym	troić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrojony	troić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrojony	troić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietronowaniach	tronować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowaniami	tronować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowania	tronować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowania	tronować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowaniem	tronować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowanie	tronować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowaniom	tronować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowaniu	tronować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietronowań	tronować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietronująca	tronować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietronującą	tronować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietronującego	tronować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietronującego	tronować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietronującej	tronować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietronującemu	tronować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietronujące	tronować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietronujące	tronować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietronujących	tronować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietronujących	tronować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietronującymi	tronować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietronującym	tronować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietronującym	tronować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietronujący	tronować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietronujący	tronować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietronujący	tronować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietropiąca	tropić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropiącą	tropić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietropiącego	tropić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietropiącego	tropić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiącej	tropić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropiącemu	tropić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiące	tropić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiące	tropić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropiących	tropić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropiących	tropić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiącymi	tropić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiącym	tropić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiącym	tropić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiący	tropić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropiący	tropić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietropiący	tropić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietropieniach	tropić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropieniami	tropić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietropienia	tropić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropienia	tropić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietropieniem	tropić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietropienie	tropić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropieniom	tropić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietropieni	tropić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropieniu	tropić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropień	tropić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietropiona	tropić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropioną	tropić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietropionego	tropić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietropionego	tropić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropionej	tropić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropionemu	tropić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropione	tropić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropione	tropić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropionych	tropić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropionych	tropić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropionymi	tropić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropionym	tropić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropionym	tropić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropiony	tropić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietropiony	tropić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowana	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowaną	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanego	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanego	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanej	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanemu	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowane	tropikalizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowane	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowaniach	tropikalizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowaniami	tropikalizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowania	tropikalizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowania	tropikalizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowaniem	tropikalizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanie	tropikalizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowaniom	tropikalizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowani	tropikalizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowaniu	tropikalizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanych	tropikalizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanych	tropikalizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanymi	tropikalizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanym	tropikalizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowanym	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowany	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowany	tropikalizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizowań	tropikalizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizująca	tropikalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującą	tropikalizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującego	tropikalizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującego	tropikalizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującej	tropikalizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującemu	tropikalizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizujące	tropikalizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizujące	tropikalizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizujących	tropikalizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizujących	tropikalizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującymi	tropikalizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującym	tropikalizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizującym	tropikalizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizujący	tropikalizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizujący	tropikalizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietropikalizujący	tropikalizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietropnięciach	tropnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięciami	tropnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięcia	tropnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięcia	tropnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięciem	tropnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięcie	tropnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięciom	tropnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięci	tropnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietropnięciu	tropnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięć	tropnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietropnięta	tropnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietropniętą	tropnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietropniętego	tropnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietropniętego	tropnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietropniętej	tropnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietropniętemu	tropnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietropnięte	tropnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietropnięte	tropnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietropniętych	tropnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietropniętych	tropnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietropniętymi	tropnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietropniętym	tropnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietropniętym	tropnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietropnięty	tropnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietropnięty	tropnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietropowana	tropować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropowaną	tropować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietropowanego	tropować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietropowanego	tropować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropowanej	tropować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropowanemu	tropować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropowane	tropować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropowane	tropować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowaniach	tropować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowaniami	tropować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowania	tropować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowania	tropować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowaniem	tropować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowanie	tropować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowaniom	tropować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowani	tropować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropowaniu	tropować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropowanych	tropować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropowanych	tropować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropowanymi	tropować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropowanym	tropować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropowanym	tropować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropowany	tropować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietropowany	tropować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietropowań	tropować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietropująca	tropować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropującą	tropować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietropującego	tropować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietropującego	tropować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropującej	tropować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietropującemu	tropować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropujące	tropować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropujące	tropować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietropujących	tropować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropujących	tropować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropującymi	tropować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropującym	tropować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietropującym	tropować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietropujący	tropować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietropujący	tropować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietropujący	tropować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietroskająca	troskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroskającą	troskać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietroskającego	troskać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietroskającego	troskać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroskającej	troskać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroskającemu	troskać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroskające	troskać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroskające	troskać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskających	troskać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroskających	troskać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroskającymi	troskać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroskającym	troskać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroskającym	troskać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroskający	troskać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroskający	troskać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietroskający	troskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietroskaniach	troskać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskaniami	troskać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskania	troskać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskania	troskać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskaniem	troskać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskanie	troskać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskaniom	troskać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskaniu	troskać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroskań	troskać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszcząca	troszczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącą	troszczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącego	troszczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącego	troszczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącej	troszczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącemu	troszczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczące	troszczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczące	troszczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczących	troszczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroszczących	troszczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącymi	troszczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącym	troszczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczącym	troszczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczący	troszczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietroszczący	troszczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietroszczący	troszczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietroszczeniach	troszczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczeniami	troszczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczenia	troszczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczenia	troszczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczeniem	troszczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczenie	troszczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczeniom	troszczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczeniu	troszczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietroszczeń	troszczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowana	trójkątować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowaną	trójkątować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanego	trójkątować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanego	trójkątować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanej	trójkątować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanemu	trójkątować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowane	trójkątować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowane	trójkątować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowaniach	trójkątować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowaniami	trójkątować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowania	trójkątować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowania	trójkątować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowaniem	trójkątować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanie	trójkątować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowaniom	trójkątować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowani	trójkątować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowaniu	trójkątować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanych	trójkątować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanych	trójkątować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanymi	trójkątować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanym	trójkątować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowanym	trójkątować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowany	trójkątować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowany	trójkątować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątowań	trójkątować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątująca	trójkątować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującą	trójkątować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującego	trójkątować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującego	trójkątować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującej	trójkątować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującemu	trójkątować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątujące	trójkątować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątujące	trójkątować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątujących	trójkątować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątujących	trójkątować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującymi	trójkątować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującym	trójkątować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątującym	trójkątować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątujący	trójkątować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątujący	trójkątować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrójkątujący	trójkątować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejąca	truchleć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącą	truchleć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącego	truchleć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącego	truchleć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącej	truchleć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącemu	truchleć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejące	truchleć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejące	truchleć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejących	truchleć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejących	truchleć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącymi	truchleć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącym	truchleć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejącym	truchleć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejący	truchleć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejący	truchleć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietruchlejący	truchleć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietruchleniach	truchleć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchleniami	truchleć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlenia	truchleć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlenia	truchleć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchleniem	truchleć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchlenie	truchleć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchleniom	truchleć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchleniu	truchleć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchleń	truchleć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtająca	truchtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającą	truchtać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającego	truchtać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającego	truchtać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającej	truchtać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającemu	truchtać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtające	truchtać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtające	truchtać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtających	truchtać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietruchtających	truchtać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającymi	truchtać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającym	truchtać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtającym	truchtać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtający	truchtać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietruchtający	truchtać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietruchtający	truchtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietruchtaniach	truchtać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtaniami	truchtać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtania	truchtać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtania	truchtać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtaniem	truchtać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtanie	truchtać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtaniom	truchtać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtaniu	truchtać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtań	truchtać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowaniach	truchtować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowaniami	truchtować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowania	truchtować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowania	truchtować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowaniem	truchtować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowanie	truchtować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowaniom	truchtować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowaniu	truchtować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtowań	truchtować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtująca	truchtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującą	truchtować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującego	truchtować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującego	truchtować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującej	truchtować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującemu	truchtować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtujące	truchtować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtujące	truchtować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtujących	truchtować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietruchtujących	truchtować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującymi	truchtować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującym	truchtować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtującym	truchtować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruchtujący	truchtować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietruchtujący	truchtować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietruchtujący	truchtować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietruciach	truć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruciami	truć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrucia	truć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrucia	truć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietruciem	truć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrucie	truć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruciom	truć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietruci	truć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietruciu	truć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietruć	truć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrująca	truć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrującą	truć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrującego	truć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrującego	truć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrującej	truć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrującemu	truć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrujące	truć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrujące	truć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrujących	truć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrujących	truć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrującymi	truć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrującym	truć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrującym	truć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrujący	truć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrujący	truć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrujący	truć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietruta	truć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutą	truć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutego	truć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrutego	truć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutej	truć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutemu	truć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrute	truć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrute	truć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutych	truć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrutych	truć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutymi	truć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutym	truć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutym	truć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietruty	truć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietruty	truć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrudniąca	trudnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącą	trudnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącego	trudnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącego	trudnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącej	trudnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącemu	trudnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniące	trudnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniące	trudnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniących	trudnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrudniących	trudnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącymi	trudnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącym	trudnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniącym	trudnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudniący	trudnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrudniący	trudnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrudniący	trudnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrudnieniach	trudnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnieniami	trudnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnienia	trudnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnienia	trudnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnieniem	trudnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnienie	trudnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnieniom	trudnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnieniu	trudnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudnień	trudnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudząca	trudzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącą	trudzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącego	trudzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącego	trudzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącej	trudzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącemu	trudzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzące	trudzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzące	trudzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzących	trudzić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrudzących	trudzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącymi	trudzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącym	trudzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzącym	trudzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzący	trudzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrudzący	trudzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrudzący	trudzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrudzeniach	trudzić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzeniami	trudzić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzenia	trudzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzenia	trudzić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzeniem	trudzić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzenie	trudzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzeniom	trudzić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzeni	trudzić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrudzeniu	trudzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzeń	trudzić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzona	trudzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudzoną	trudzić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonego	trudzić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonego	trudzić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonej	trudzić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonemu	trudzić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzone	trudzić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzone	trudzić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonych	trudzić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonych	trudzić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonymi	trudzić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonym	trudzić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzonym	trudzić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrudzony	trudzić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrudzony	trudzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupiąca	trupić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącą	trupić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącego	trupić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącego	trupić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącej	trupić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącemu	trupić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiące	trupić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiące	trupić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiących	trupić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupiących	trupić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącymi	trupić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącym	trupić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiącym	trupić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiący	trupić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupiący	trupić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupiący	trupić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniach	trupić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniami	trupić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupienia	trupić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupienia	trupić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniem	trupić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupienie	trupić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniom	trupić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieni	trupić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniu	trupić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupień	trupić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiona	trupić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupioną	trupić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupionego	trupić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrupionego	trupić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupionej	trupić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupionemu	trupić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupione	trupić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupione	trupić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupionych	trupić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupionych	trupić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupionymi	trupić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupionym	trupić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupionym	trupić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiony	trupić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupiony	trupić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejąca	trupieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącą	trupieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącego	trupieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącego	trupieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącej	trupieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącemu	trupieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejące	trupieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejące	trupieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejących	trupieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejących	trupieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącymi	trupieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącym	trupieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejącym	trupieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejący	trupieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejący	trupieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupiejący	trupieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniach	trupieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniami	trupieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupienia	trupieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupienia	trupieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniem	trupieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupienie	trupieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniom	trupieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieniu	trupieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupień	trupieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejąca	trupieszeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącą	trupieszeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącego	trupieszeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącego	trupieszeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącej	trupieszeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącemu	trupieszeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejące	trupieszeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejące	trupieszeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejących	trupieszeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejących	trupieszeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącymi	trupieszeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącym	trupieszeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejącym	trupieszeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejący	trupieszeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejący	trupieszeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszejący	trupieszeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszeniach	trupieszeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszeniami	trupieszeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszenia	trupieszeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszenia	trupieszeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszeniem	trupieszeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszenie	trupieszeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszeniom	trupieszeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszeniu	trupieszeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrupieszeń	trupieszeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowana	trutynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowaną	trutynować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanego	trutynować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanego	trutynować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanej	trutynować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanemu	trutynować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowane	trutynować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowane	trutynować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowaniach	trutynować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowaniami	trutynować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowania	trutynować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowania	trutynować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowaniem	trutynować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanie	trutynować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowaniom	trutynować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowani	trutynować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowaniu	trutynować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanych	trutynować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanych	trutynować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanymi	trutynować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanym	trutynować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowanym	trutynować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowany	trutynować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowany	trutynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrutynowań	trutynować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynująca	trutynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującą	trutynować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującego	trutynować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującego	trutynować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującej	trutynować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującemu	trutynować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynujące	trutynować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynujące	trutynować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynujących	trutynować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrutynujących	trutynować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującymi	trutynować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującym	trutynować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynującym	trutynować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrutynujący	trutynować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrutynujący	trutynować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrutynujący	trutynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwająca	trwać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwającą	trwać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwającego	trwać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrwającego	trwać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwającej	trwać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwającemu	trwać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwające	trwać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwające	trwać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwających	trwać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwających	trwać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwającymi	trwać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwającym	trwać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwającym	trwać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwający	trwać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwający	trwać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwający	trwać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwaniach	trwać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwaniami	trwać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwania	trwać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwania	trwać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwaniem	trwać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwanie	trwać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwaniom	trwać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwaniu	trwać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwań	trwać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniąca	trwonić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącą	trwonić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącego	trwonić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącego	trwonić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącej	trwonić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącemu	trwonić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniące	trwonić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniące	trwonić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniących	trwonić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniących	trwonić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącymi	trwonić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącym	trwonić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniącym	trwonić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniący	trwonić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniący	trwonić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniący	trwonić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwonieniach	trwonić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonieniami	trwonić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonienia	trwonić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonienia	trwonić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonieniem	trwonić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonienie	trwonić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonieniom	trwonić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonieni	trwonić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwonieniu	trwonić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonień	trwonić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniona	trwonić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwonioną	trwonić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionego	trwonić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionego	trwonić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionej	trwonić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionemu	trwonić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonione	trwonić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonione	trwonić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionych	trwonić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionych	trwonić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionymi	trwonić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionym	trwonić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwonionym	trwonić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniony	trwonić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwoniony	trwonić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwożąca	trwożyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącą	trwożyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącego	trwożyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącego	trwożyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącej	trwożyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącemu	trwożyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożące	trwożyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożące	trwożyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożących	trwożyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwożących	trwożyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącymi	trwożyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącym	trwożyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożącym	trwożyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożący	trwożyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwożący	trwożyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwożący	trwożyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwożeniach	trwożyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożeniami	trwożyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożenia	trwożyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożenia	trwożyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożeniem	trwożyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożenie	trwożyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożeniom	trwożyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożeni	trwożyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwożeniu	trwożyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożeń	trwożyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożona	trwożyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwożoną	trwożyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonego	trwożyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonego	trwożyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonej	trwożyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonemu	trwożyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożone	trwożyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożone	trwożyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonych	trwożyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonych	trwożyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonymi	trwożyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonym	trwożyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożonym	trwożyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrwożony	trwożyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrwożony	trwożyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrybieniach	trybić	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrybieniami	trybić	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrybienia	trybić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrybienia	trybić	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrybieniem	trybić	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrybienie	trybić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrybieniom	trybić	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrybieniu	trybić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrybień	trybić	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrybowana	trybować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrybowaną	trybować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanego	trybować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanego	trybować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanej	trybować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanemu	trybować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowane	trybować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowane	trybować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowaniach	trybować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowaniami	trybować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowania	trybować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowania	trybować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowaniem	trybować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanie	trybować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowaniom	trybować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowani	trybować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrybowaniu	trybować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanych	trybować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanych	trybować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanymi	trybować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanym	trybować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowanym	trybować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybowany	trybować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrybowany	trybować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrybowań	trybować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybująca	trybować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrybującą	trybować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrybującego	trybować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrybującego	trybować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybującej	trybować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrybującemu	trybować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybujące	trybować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybujące	trybować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrybujących	trybować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrybujących	trybować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybującymi	trybować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybującym	trybować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybującym	trybować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrybujący	trybować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrybujący	trybować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrybujący	trybować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietryfiąca	tryfić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącą	tryfić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącego	tryfić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącego	tryfić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącej	tryfić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącemu	tryfić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiące	tryfić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiące	tryfić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiących	tryfić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryfiących	tryfić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącymi	tryfić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącym	tryfić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiącym	tryfić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryfiący	tryfić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryfiący	tryfić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietryfiący	tryfić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietryfieniach	tryfić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfieniami	tryfić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfienia	tryfić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfienia	tryfić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfieniem	tryfić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfienie	tryfić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfieniom	tryfić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfieniu	tryfić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryfień	tryfić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykająca	trykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrykającą	trykać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrykającego	trykać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrykającego	trykać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykającej	trykać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrykającemu	trykać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykające	trykać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykające	trykać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykających	trykać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrykających	trykać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykającymi	trykać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykającym	trykać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykającym	trykać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykający	trykać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrykający	trykać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrykający	trykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrykana	trykać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrykaną	trykać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrykanego	trykać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrykanego	trykać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykanej	trykać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrykanemu	trykać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykane	trykać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykane	trykać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykaniach	trykać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykaniami	trykać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykania	trykać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykania	trykać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykaniem	trykać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykanie	trykać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykaniom	trykać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykani	trykać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrykaniu	trykać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrykanych	trykać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrykanych	trykać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykanymi	trykać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykanym	trykać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykanym	trykać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrykany	trykać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrykany	trykać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrykań	trykać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryknięciach	tryknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięciami	tryknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięcia	tryknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięcia	tryknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięciem	tryknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięcie	tryknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięciom	tryknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięci	tryknąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietryknięciu	tryknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięć	tryknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietryknięta	tryknąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietrykniętą	tryknąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietrykniętego	tryknąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietrykniętego	tryknąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrykniętej	tryknąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietrykniętemu	tryknąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietryknięte	tryknąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietryknięte	tryknąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietrykniętych	tryknąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrykniętych	tryknąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrykniętymi	tryknąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrykniętym	tryknąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrykniętym	tryknąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietryknięty	tryknąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietryknięty	tryknąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietrylowaniach	trylować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowaniami	trylować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowania	trylować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowania	trylować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowaniem	trylować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowanie	trylować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowaniom	trylować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowaniu	trylować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylowań	trylować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylująca	trylować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrylującą	trylować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrylującego	trylować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrylującego	trylować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrylującej	trylować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrylującemu	trylować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrylujące	trylować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrylujące	trylować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrylujących	trylować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrylujących	trylować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrylującymi	trylować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrylującym	trylować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrylującym	trylować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrylujący	trylować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrylujący	trylować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrylujący	trylować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrymowana	trymować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrymowaną	trymować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanego	trymować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanego	trymować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanej	trymować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanemu	trymować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowane	trymować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowane	trymować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowaniach	trymować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowaniami	trymować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowania	trymować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowania	trymować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowaniem	trymować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanie	trymować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowaniom	trymować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowani	trymować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrymowaniu	trymować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanych	trymować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanych	trymować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanymi	trymować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanym	trymować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowanym	trymować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymowany	trymować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrymowany	trymować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrymowań	trymować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymująca	trymować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrymującą	trymować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrymującego	trymować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrymującego	trymować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymującej	trymować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrymującemu	trymować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymujące	trymować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymujące	trymować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrymujących	trymować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrymujących	trymować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymującymi	trymować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymującym	trymować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymującym	trymować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrymujący	trymować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrymujący	trymować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrymujący	trymować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietryndająca	tryndać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryndającą	tryndać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietryndającego	tryndać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietryndającego	tryndać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryndającej	tryndać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryndającemu	tryndać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryndające	tryndać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryndające	tryndać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndających	tryndać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryndających	tryndać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryndającymi	tryndać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryndającym	tryndać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryndającym	tryndać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryndający	tryndać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryndający	tryndać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietryndający	tryndać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietryndaniach	tryndać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndaniami	tryndać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndania	tryndać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndania	tryndać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndaniem	tryndać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndanie	tryndać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndaniom	tryndać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndaniu	tryndać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryndań	tryndać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryniająca	tryniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającą	tryniać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającego	tryniać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającego	tryniać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającej	tryniać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającemu	tryniać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniające	tryniać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniające	tryniać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniających	tryniać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniających	tryniać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającymi	tryniać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającym	tryniać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniającym	tryniać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniający	tryniać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniający	tryniać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniający	tryniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		reg.
nietrynianiach	tryniać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietrynianiami	tryniać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniania	tryniać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniania	tryniać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietrynianiem	tryniać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietrynianie	tryniać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietrynianiom	tryniać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietrynianiu	tryniać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniań	tryniać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		reg.
nietryniąca	trynić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącą	trynić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącego	trynić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącego	trynić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącej	trynić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącemu	trynić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniące	trynić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniące	trynić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniących	trynić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniących	trynić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącymi	trynić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącym	trynić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniącym	trynić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniący	trynić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniący	trynić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietryniący	trynić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynieniach	trynić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynieniami	trynić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynienia	trynić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynienia	trynić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynieniem	trynić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynienie	trynić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynieniom	trynić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynieniu	trynić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynień	trynić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		indyw.
nietrynknięciach	trynknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięciami	trynknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięcia	trynknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięcia	trynknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięciem	trynknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięcie	trynknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięciom	trynknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięciu	trynknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrynknięć	trynknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietryplowana	tryplować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryplowaną	tryplować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanego	tryplować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanego	tryplować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanej	tryplować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanemu	tryplować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowane	tryplować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowane	tryplować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowaniach	tryplować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowaniami	tryplować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowania	tryplować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowania	tryplować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowaniem	tryplować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanie	tryplować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowaniom	tryplować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowani	tryplować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryplowaniu	tryplować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanych	tryplować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanych	tryplować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanymi	tryplować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanym	tryplować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowanym	tryplować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplowany	tryplować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietryplowany	tryplować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietryplowań	tryplować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplująca	tryplować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryplującą	tryplować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietryplującego	tryplować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietryplującego	tryplować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplującej	tryplować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryplującemu	tryplować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplujące	tryplować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplujące	tryplować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryplujących	tryplować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryplujących	tryplować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplującymi	tryplować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplującym	tryplować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplującym	tryplować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryplujący	tryplować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryplujący	tryplować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietryplujący	tryplować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietryskająca	tryskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryskającą	tryskać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietryskającego	tryskać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietryskającego	tryskać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryskającej	tryskać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryskającemu	tryskać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryskające	tryskać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryskające	tryskać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskających	tryskać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryskających	tryskać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryskającymi	tryskać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryskającym	tryskać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryskającym	tryskać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryskający	tryskać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryskający	tryskać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietryskający	tryskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietryskaniach	tryskać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskaniami	tryskać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskania	tryskać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskania	tryskać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskaniem	tryskać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskanie	tryskać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskaniom	tryskać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskaniu	tryskać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryskań	tryskać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryśnięciach	trysnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięciami	trysnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięcia	trysnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięcia	trysnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięciem	trysnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięcie	trysnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięciom	trysnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięciu	trysnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietryśnięć	trysnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietryumfowaniach	tryumfować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowaniami	tryumfować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowania	tryumfować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowania	tryumfować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowaniem	tryumfować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowanie	tryumfować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowaniom	tryumfować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowaniu	tryumfować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfowań	tryumfować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfująca	tryumfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującą	tryumfować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującego	tryumfować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującego	tryumfować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującej	tryumfować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującemu	tryumfować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfujące	tryumfować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfujące	tryumfować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfujących	tryumfować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryumfujących	tryumfować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującymi	tryumfować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującym	tryumfować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfującym	tryumfować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietryumfujący	tryumfować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietryumfujący	tryumfować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietryumfujący	tryumfować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowana	trywializować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowaną	trywializować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanego	trywializować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanego	trywializować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanej	trywializować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanemu	trywializować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowane	trywializować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowane	trywializować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowaniach	trywializować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowaniami	trywializować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowania	trywializować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowania	trywializować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowaniem	trywializować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanie	trywializować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowaniom	trywializować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowani	trywializować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowaniu	trywializować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanych	trywializować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanych	trywializować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanymi	trywializować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanym	trywializować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowanym	trywializować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowany	trywializować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowany	trywializować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrywializowań	trywializować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializująca	trywializować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującą	trywializować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującego	trywializować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującego	trywializować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującej	trywializować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującemu	trywializować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializujące	trywializować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializujące	trywializować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializujących	trywializować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrywializujących	trywializować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującymi	trywializować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującym	trywializować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializującym	trywializować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrywializujący	trywializować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrywializujący	trywializować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrywializujący	trywializować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskająca	trzaskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającą	trzaskać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającego	trzaskać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającego	trzaskać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającej	trzaskać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającemu	trzaskać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskające	trzaskać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskające	trzaskać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskających	trzaskać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskających	trzaskać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającymi	trzaskać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającym	trzaskać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskającym	trzaskać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskający	trzaskać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskający	trzaskać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskający	trzaskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskana	trzaskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskaną	trzaskać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanego	trzaskać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanego	trzaskać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanej	trzaskać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanemu	trzaskać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskane	trzaskać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskane	trzaskać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskaniach	trzaskać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskaniami	trzaskać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskania	trzaskać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskania	trzaskać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskaniem	trzaskać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanie	trzaskać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskaniom	trzaskać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskani	trzaskać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskaniu	trzaskać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanych	trzaskać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanych	trzaskać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanymi	trzaskać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanym	trzaskać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskanym	trzaskać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskany	trzaskać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskany	trzaskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzaskań	trzaskać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzaśnięciach	trzasnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięciami	trzasnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięcia	trzasnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięcia	trzasnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięciem	trzasnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięcie	trzasnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięciom	trzasnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięci	trzasnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięciu	trzasnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięć	trzasnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięta	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętą	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętego	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętego	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętej	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętemu	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięte	trzasnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięte	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętych	trzasnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętych	trzasnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętymi	trzasnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętym	trzasnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśniętym	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięty	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietrzaśnięty	trzasnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietrząchająca	trząchać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającą	trząchać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającego	trząchać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającego	trząchać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającej	trząchać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającemu	trząchać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchające	trząchać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchające	trząchać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchających	trząchać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząchających	trząchać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającymi	trząchać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającym	trząchać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchającym	trząchać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchający	trząchać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząchający	trząchać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząchający	trząchać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząchana	trząchać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząchaną	trząchać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanego	trząchać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanego	trząchać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanej	trząchać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanemu	trząchać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchane	trząchać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchane	trząchać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchaniach	trząchać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchaniami	trząchać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchania	trząchać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchania	trząchać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchaniem	trząchać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanie	trząchać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchaniom	trząchać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchani	trząchać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząchaniu	trząchać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanych	trząchać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanych	trząchać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanymi	trząchać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanym	trząchać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchanym	trząchać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchany	trząchać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząchany	trząchać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząchań	trząchać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząchnięciach	trząchnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięciami	trząchnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięcia	trząchnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięcia	trząchnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięciem	trząchnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięcie	trząchnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięciom	trząchnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięci	trząchnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięciu	trząchnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięć	trząchnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięta	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętą	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętego	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętego	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętej	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętemu	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięte	trząchnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięte	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętych	trząchnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętych	trząchnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętymi	trząchnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętym	trząchnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząchniętym	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięty	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietrząchnięty	trząchnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietrząsająca	trząsać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającą	trząsać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającego	trząsać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającego	trząsać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającej	trząsać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającemu	trząsać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsające	trząsać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsające	trząsać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsających	trząsać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząsających	trząsać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającymi	trząsać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającym	trząsać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsającym	trząsać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsający	trząsać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząsający	trząsać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząsający	trząsać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząsana	trząsać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząsaną	trząsać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanego	trząsać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanego	trząsać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanej	trząsać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanemu	trząsać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsane	trząsać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsane	trząsać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsaniach	trząsać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsaniami	trząsać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsania	trząsać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsania	trząsać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsaniem	trząsać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanie	trząsać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsaniom	trząsać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsani	trząsać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząsaniu	trząsać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanych	trząsać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanych	trząsać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanymi	trząsać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanym	trząsać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsanym	trząsać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrząsany	trząsać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząsany	trząsać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrząsań	trząsać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrząśnięciach	trząsnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięciami	trząsnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięcia	trząsnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięcia	trząsnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięciem	trząsnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięcie	trząsnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięciom	trząsnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięci	trząsnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięciu	trząsnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięć	trząsnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięta	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętą	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętego	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętego	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętej	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętemu	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięte	trząsnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięte	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętych	trząsnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętych	trząsnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętymi	trząsnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętym	trząsnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrząśniętym	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięty	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietrząśnięty	trząsnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietrzęsąca	trząść	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącą	trząść	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącego	trząść	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącego	trząść	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącej	trząść	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącemu	trząść	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsące	trząść	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsące	trząść	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsących	trząść	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsących	trząść	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącymi	trząść	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącym	trząść	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsącym	trząść	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsący	trząść	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsący	trząść	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsący	trząść	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsieniach	trząść	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsieniami	trząść	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsienia	trząść	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsienia	trząść	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsieniem	trząść	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsienie	trząść	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsieniom	trząść	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsieni	trząść	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsieniu	trząść	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsień	trząść	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsiona	trząść	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsioną	trząść	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionego	trząść	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionego	trząść	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionej	trząść	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionemu	trząść	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsione	trząść	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsione	trząść	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionych	trząść	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionych	trząść	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionymi	trząść	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionym	trząść	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsionym	trząść	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsiony	trząść	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzęsiony	trząść	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiąca	trzebić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącą	trzebić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącego	trzebić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącego	trzebić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącej	trzebić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącemu	trzebić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiące	trzebić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiące	trzebić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiących	trzebić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiących	trzebić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącymi	trzebić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącym	trzebić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiącym	trzebić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiący	trzebić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiący	trzebić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiący	trzebić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzebieniach	trzebić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebieniami	trzebić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebienia	trzebić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebienia	trzebić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebieniem	trzebić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebienie	trzebić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebieniom	trzebić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebieni	trzebić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzebieniu	trzebić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebień	trzebić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiona	trzebić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzebioną	trzebić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionego	trzebić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionego	trzebić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionej	trzebić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionemu	trzebić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebione	trzebić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebione	trzebić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionych	trzebić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionych	trzebić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionymi	trzebić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionym	trzebić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebionym	trzebić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiony	trzebić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzebiony	trzebić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietarciach	trzeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarciami	trzeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarcia	trzeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarcia	trzeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarciem	trzeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietarcie	trzeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarciom	trzeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietarci	trzeć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietarciu	trzeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietarć	trzeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietarta	trzeć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietartą	trzeć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietartego	trzeć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietartego	trzeć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietartej	trzeć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietartemu	trzeć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarte	trzeć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietarte	trzeć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietartych	trzeć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietartych	trzeć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietartymi	trzeć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietartym	trzeć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietartym	trzeć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietarty	trzeć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietarty	trzeć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrąca	trzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącą	trzeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącego	trzeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrącego	trzeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącej	trzeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrącemu	trzeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrące	trzeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrące	trzeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrących	trzeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrących	trzeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącymi	trzeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącym	trzeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrącym	trzeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrący	trzeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrący	trzeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrący	trzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepana	trzepać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepaną	trzepać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanego	trzepać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanego	trzepać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanej	trzepać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanemu	trzepać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepane	trzepać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepane	trzepać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepaniach	trzepać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepaniami	trzepać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepania	trzepać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepania	trzepać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepaniem	trzepać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanie	trzepać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepaniom	trzepać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepani	trzepać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepaniu	trzepać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanych	trzepać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanych	trzepać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanymi	trzepać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanym	trzepać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepanym	trzepać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepany	trzepać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepany	trzepać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepań	trzepać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiąca	trzepać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącą	trzepać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącego	trzepać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącego	trzepać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącej	trzepać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącemu	trzepać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiące	trzepać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiące	trzepać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiących	trzepać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiących	trzepać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącymi	trzepać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącym	trzepać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiącym	trzepać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiący	trzepać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiący	trzepać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiący	trzepać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietająca	trzepietać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającą	trzepietać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającego	trzepietać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającego	trzepietać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającej	trzepietać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającemu	trzepietać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietające	trzepietać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietające	trzepietać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietających	trzepietać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietających	trzepietać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającymi	trzepietać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającym	trzepietać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietającym	trzepietać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietający	trzepietać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietający	trzepietać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietający	trzepietać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietaniach	trzepietać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietaniami	trzepietać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietania	trzepietać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietania	trzepietać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietaniem	trzepietać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietanie	trzepietać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietaniom	trzepietać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietaniu	trzepietać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepietań	trzepietać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocąca	trzepiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącą	trzepiotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącego	trzepiotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącego	trzepiotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącej	trzepiotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącemu	trzepiotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocące	trzepiotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocące	trzepiotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocących	trzepiotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocących	trzepiotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącymi	trzepiotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącym	trzepiotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocącym	trzepiotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocący	trzepiotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocący	trzepiotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocący	trzepiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiocząca	trzepiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącą	trzepiotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącego	trzepiotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącego	trzepiotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącej	trzepiotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącemu	trzepiotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczące	trzepiotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczące	trzepiotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczących	trzepiotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczących	trzepiotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącymi	trzepiotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącym	trzepiotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczącym	trzepiotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczący	trzepiotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczący	trzepiotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepioczący	trzepiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotaniach	trzepiotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotaniami	trzepiotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotania	trzepiotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotania	trzepiotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotaniem	trzepiotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotanie	trzepiotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotaniom	trzepiotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotaniu	trzepiotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepiotań	trzepiotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepnięciach	trzepnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięciami	trzepnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięcia	trzepnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięcia	trzepnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięciem	trzepnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięcie	trzepnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięciom	trzepnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięci	trzepnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięciu	trzepnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięć	trzepnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięta	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętą	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętego	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętego	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętej	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętemu	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięte	trzepnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięte	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętych	trzepnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętych	trzepnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętymi	trzepnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętym	trzepnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietrzepniętym	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięty	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietrzepnięty	trzepnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietrzepocąca	trzepotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącą	trzepotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącego	trzepotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącego	trzepotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącej	trzepotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącemu	trzepotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocące	trzepotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocące	trzepotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocących	trzepotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocących	trzepotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącymi	trzepotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącym	trzepotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocącym	trzepotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocący	trzepotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocący	trzepotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocący	trzepotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepocząca	trzepotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącą	trzepotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącego	trzepotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącego	trzepotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącej	trzepotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącemu	trzepotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczące	trzepotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczące	trzepotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczących	trzepotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczących	trzepotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącymi	trzepotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącym	trzepotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczącym	trzepotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczący	trzepotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczący	trzepotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepoczący	trzepotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotaniach	trzepotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotaniami	trzepotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotania	trzepotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotania	trzepotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotaniem	trzepotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotanie	trzepotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotaniom	trzepotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotaniu	trzepotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzepotań	trzepotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszcząca	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącą	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącego	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącego	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącej	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącemu	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczące	trzeszczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczące	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczących	trzeszczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczących	trzeszczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącymi	trzeszczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącym	trzeszczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczącym	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczący	trzeszczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczący	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczący	trzeszczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczeniach	trzeszczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczeniami	trzeszczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczenia	trzeszczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczenia	trzeszczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczeniem	trzeszczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczenie	trzeszczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczeniom	trzeszczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczeniu	trzeszczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeszczeń	trzeszczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiąca	trzeźwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącą	trzeźwić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącego	trzeźwić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącego	trzeźwić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącej	trzeźwić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącemu	trzeźwić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiące	trzeźwić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiące	trzeźwić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiących	trzeźwić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiących	trzeźwić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącymi	trzeźwić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącym	trzeźwić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiącym	trzeźwić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiący	trzeźwić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiący	trzeźwić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiący	trzeźwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniach	trzeźwić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniami	trzeźwić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwienia	trzeźwić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwienia	trzeźwić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniem	trzeźwić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwienie	trzeźwić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniom	trzeźwić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieni	trzeźwić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniu	trzeźwić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwień	trzeźwić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiona	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwioną	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionego	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionego	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionej	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionemu	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwione	trzeźwić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwione	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionych	trzeźwić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionych	trzeźwić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionymi	trzeźwić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionym	trzeźwić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwionym	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiony	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiony	trzeźwić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejąca	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącą	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącego	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącego	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącej	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącemu	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejące	trzeźwieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejące	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejących	trzeźwieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejących	trzeźwieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącymi	trzeźwieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącym	trzeźwieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejącym	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejący	trzeźwieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejący	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwiejący	trzeźwieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniach	trzeźwieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniami	trzeźwieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwienia	trzeźwieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwienia	trzeźwieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniem	trzeźwieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwienie	trzeźwieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniom	trzeźwieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwieniu	trzeźwieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzeźwień	trzeźwieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmieląca	trzmielić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącą	trzmielić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącego	trzmielić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącego	trzmielić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącej	trzmielić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącemu	trzmielić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielące	trzmielić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielące	trzmielić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielących	trzmielić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielących	trzmielić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącymi	trzmielić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącym	trzmielić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielącym	trzmielić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielący	trzmielić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielący	trzmielić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielący	trzmielić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzmieleniach	trzmielić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmieleniami	trzmielić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielenia	trzmielić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielenia	trzmielić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmieleniem	trzmielić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmielenie	trzmielić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmieleniom	trzmielić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmieleniu	trzmielić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzmieleń	trzmielić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniająca	trzniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającą	trzniać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającego	trzniać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającego	trzniać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającej	trzniać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającemu	trzniać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniające	trzniać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniające	trzniać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniających	trzniać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzniających	trzniać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającymi	trzniać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającym	trzniać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniającym	trzniać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniający	trzniać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzniający	trzniać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzniający	trzniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzniana	trzniać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrznianą	trzniać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrznianego	trzniać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrznianego	trzniać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianej	trzniać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrznianemu	trzniać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniane	trzniać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniane	trzniać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianiach	trzniać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianiami	trzniać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniania	trzniać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniania	trzniać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianiem	trzniać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianie	trzniać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianiom	trzniać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniani	trzniać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrznianiu	trzniać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianych	trzniać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrznianych	trzniać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianymi	trzniać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianym	trzniać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrznianym	trzniać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzniany	trzniać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzniany	trzniać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzniań	trzniać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocąca	trzpiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącą	trzpiotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącego	trzpiotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącego	trzpiotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącej	trzpiotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącemu	trzpiotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocące	trzpiotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocące	trzpiotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocących	trzpiotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocących	trzpiotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącymi	trzpiotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącym	trzpiotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocącym	trzpiotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocący	trzpiotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocący	trzpiotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocący	trzpiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiocząca	trzpiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącą	trzpiotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącego	trzpiotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącego	trzpiotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącej	trzpiotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącemu	trzpiotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczące	trzpiotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczące	trzpiotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczących	trzpiotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczących	trzpiotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącymi	trzpiotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącym	trzpiotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczącym	trzpiotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczący	trzpiotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczący	trzpiotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzpioczący	trzpiotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotaniach	trzpiotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotaniami	trzpiotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotania	trzpiotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotania	trzpiotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotaniem	trzpiotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotanie	trzpiotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotaniom	trzpiotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotaniu	trzpiotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotań	trzpiotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowaniach	trzpiotować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowaniami	trzpiotować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowania	trzpiotować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowania	trzpiotować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowaniem	trzpiotować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowanie	trzpiotować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowaniom	trzpiotować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowaniu	trzpiotować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotowań	trzpiotować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotująca	trzpiotować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującą	trzpiotować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującego	trzpiotować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującego	trzpiotować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującej	trzpiotować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującemu	trzpiotować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotujące	trzpiotować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotujące	trzpiotować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotujących	trzpiotować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotujących	trzpiotować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującymi	trzpiotować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującym	trzpiotować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotującym	trzpiotować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotujący	trzpiotować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotujący	trzpiotować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzpiotujący	trzpiotować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzymająca	trzymać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającą	trzymać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającego	trzymać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającego	trzymać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającej	trzymać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającemu	trzymać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymające	trzymać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymające	trzymać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymających	trzymać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzymających	trzymać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającymi	trzymać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającym	trzymać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymającym	trzymać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymający	trzymać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzymający	trzymać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzymający	trzymać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzymana	trzymać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzymaną	trzymać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanego	trzymać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanego	trzymać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanej	trzymać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanemu	trzymać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymane	trzymać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymane	trzymać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymaniach	trzymać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymaniami	trzymać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymania	trzymać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymania	trzymać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymaniem	trzymać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanie	trzymać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymaniom	trzymać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymani	trzymać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzymaniu	trzymać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanych	trzymać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanych	trzymać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanymi	trzymać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanym	trzymać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymanym	trzymać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietrzymany	trzymać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzymany	trzymać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietrzymań	trzymać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietucząca	tuczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuczącą	tuczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuczącego	tuczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuczącego	tuczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczącej	tuczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuczącemu	tuczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczące	tuczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczące	tuczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczących	tuczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuczących	tuczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczącymi	tuczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczącym	tuczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczącym	tuczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczący	tuczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuczący	tuczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuczący	tuczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuczeniach	tuczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczeniami	tuczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczenia	tuczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczenia	tuczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczeniem	tuczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczenie	tuczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczeniom	tuczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczeni	tuczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuczeniu	tuczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczeń	tuczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczona	tuczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuczoną	tuczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuczonego	tuczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuczonego	tuczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczonej	tuczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuczonemu	tuczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczone	tuczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczone	tuczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuczonych	tuczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuczonych	tuczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczonymi	tuczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczonym	tuczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczonym	tuczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuczony	tuczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuczony	tuczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietukająca	tukać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietukającą	tukać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietukającego	tukać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietukającego	tukać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietukającej	tukać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietukającemu	tukać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietukające	tukać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukające	tukać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietukających	tukać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietukających	tukać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukającymi	tukać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukającym	tukać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukającym	tukać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietukający	tukać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietukający	tukać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietukający	tukać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietukana	tukać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietukaną	tukać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietukanego	tukać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietukanego	tukać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietukanej	tukać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietukanemu	tukać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietukane	tukać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukane	tukać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietukaniach	tukać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietukaniami	tukać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietukania	tukać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietukania	tukać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietukaniem	tukać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietukanie	tukać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietukaniom	tukać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietukani	tukać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietukaniu	tukać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietukanych	tukać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietukanych	tukać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukanymi	tukać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukanym	tukać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietukanym	tukać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietukany	tukać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietukany	tukać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietukań	tukać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowana	tulejować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietulejowaną	tulejować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanego	tulejować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanego	tulejować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanej	tulejować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanemu	tulejować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowane	tulejować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowane	tulejować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowaniach	tulejować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowaniami	tulejować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowania	tulejować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowania	tulejować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowaniem	tulejować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanie	tulejować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowaniom	tulejować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowani	tulejować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietulejowaniu	tulejować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanych	tulejować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanych	tulejować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanymi	tulejować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanym	tulejować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowanym	tulejować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejowany	tulejować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietulejowany	tulejować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietulejowań	tulejować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejująca	tulejować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietulejującą	tulejować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietulejującego	tulejować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietulejującego	tulejować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejującej	tulejować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietulejującemu	tulejować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejujące	tulejować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejujące	tulejować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulejujących	tulejować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietulejujących	tulejować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejującymi	tulejować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejującym	tulejować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejującym	tulejować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulejujący	tulejować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietulejujący	tulejować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietulejujący	tulejować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuląca	tulić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietulącą	tulić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietulącego	tulić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietulącego	tulić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulącej	tulić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietulącemu	tulić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulące	tulić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulące	tulić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulących	tulić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietulących	tulić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulącymi	tulić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulącym	tulić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulącym	tulić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulący	tulić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietulący	tulić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietulący	tulić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuleniach	tulić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuleniami	tulić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietulenia	tulić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulenia	tulić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuleniem	tulić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietulenie	tulić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuleniom	tulić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuleni	tulić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuleniu	tulić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuleń	tulić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietulona	tulić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuloną	tulić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietulonego	tulić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietulonego	tulić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulonej	tulić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietulonemu	tulić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulone	tulić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulone	tulić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietulonych	tulić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietulonych	tulić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulonymi	tulić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulonym	tulić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietulonym	tulić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietulony	tulić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietulony	tulić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietułająca	tułać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietułającą	tułać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietułającego	tułać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietułającego	tułać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietułającej	tułać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietułającemu	tułać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietułające	tułać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietułające	tułać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietułających	tułać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietułających	tułać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietułającymi	tułać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietułającym	tułać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietułającym	tułać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietułający	tułać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietułający	tułać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietułający	tułać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietułaniach	tułać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietułaniami	tułać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietułania	tułać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietułania	tułać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietułaniem	tułać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietułanie	tułać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietułaniom	tułać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietułaniu	tułać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietułań	tułać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniąca	tumanić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącą	tumanić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącego	tumanić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącego	tumanić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącej	tumanić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącemu	tumanić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniące	tumanić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniące	tumanić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniących	tumanić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietumaniących	tumanić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącymi	tumanić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącym	tumanić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniącym	tumanić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniący	tumanić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietumaniący	tumanić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietumaniący	tumanić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniach	tumanić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniami	tumanić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanienia	tumanić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanienia	tumanić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniem	tumanić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanienie	tumanić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniom	tumanić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieni	tumanić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniu	tumanić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanień	tumanić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniona	tumanić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietumanioną	tumanić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietumanionego	tumanić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietumanionego	tumanić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumanionej	tumanić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietumanionemu	tumanić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumanione	tumanić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumanione	tumanić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanionych	tumanić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietumanionych	tumanić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumanionymi	tumanić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumanionym	tumanić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumanionym	tumanić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniony	tumanić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietumaniony	tumanić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejąca	tumanieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącą	tumanieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącego	tumanieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącego	tumanieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącej	tumanieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącemu	tumanieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejące	tumanieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejące	tumanieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejących	tumanieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejących	tumanieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącymi	tumanieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącym	tumanieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejącym	tumanieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejący	tumanieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejący	tumanieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietumaniejący	tumanieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniach	tumanieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniami	tumanieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanienia	tumanieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanienia	tumanieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniem	tumanieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanienie	tumanieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniom	tumanieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanieniu	tumanieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietumanień	tumanieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowana	tunelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietunelowaną	tunelować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanego	tunelować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanego	tunelować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanej	tunelować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanemu	tunelować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowane	tunelować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowane	tunelować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowaniach	tunelować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowaniami	tunelować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowania	tunelować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowania	tunelować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowaniem	tunelować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanie	tunelować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowaniom	tunelować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowani	tunelować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietunelowaniu	tunelować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanych	tunelować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanych	tunelować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanymi	tunelować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanym	tunelować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowanym	tunelować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelowany	tunelować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietunelowany	tunelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietunelowań	tunelować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelująca	tunelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietunelującą	tunelować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietunelującego	tunelować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietunelującego	tunelować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelującej	tunelować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietunelującemu	tunelować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelujące	tunelować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelujące	tunelować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietunelujących	tunelować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietunelujących	tunelować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelującymi	tunelować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelującym	tunelować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelującym	tunelować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietunelujący	tunelować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietunelujący	tunelować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietunelujący	tunelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuningowana	tuningować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuningowaną	tuningować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanego	tuningować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanego	tuningować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanej	tuningować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanemu	tuningować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowane	tuningować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowane	tuningować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowaniach	tuningować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowaniami	tuningować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowania	tuningować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowania	tuningować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowaniem	tuningować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanie	tuningować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowaniom	tuningować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowani	tuningować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuningowaniu	tuningować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanych	tuningować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanych	tuningować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanymi	tuningować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanym	tuningować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowanym	tuningować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningowany	tuningować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuningowany	tuningować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuningowań	tuningować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningująca	tuningować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuningującą	tuningować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuningującego	tuningować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuningującego	tuningować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningującej	tuningować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuningującemu	tuningować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningujące	tuningować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningujące	tuningować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuningujących	tuningować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuningujących	tuningować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningującymi	tuningować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningującym	tuningować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningującym	tuningować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuningujący	tuningować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuningujący	tuningować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuningujący	tuningować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietupająca	tupać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającą	tupać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającego	tupać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającego	tupać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającej	tupać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającemu	tupać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupające	tupać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupające	tupać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupających	tupać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupających	tupać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającymi	tupać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającym	tupać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupającym	tupać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupający	tupać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupający	tupać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupający	tupać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupaniach	tupać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupaniami	tupać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietupania	tupać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupania	tupać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietupaniem	tupać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietupanie	tupać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupaniom	tupać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietupaniu	tupać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupań	tupać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietupiąca	tupać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietupiącą	tupać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietupiącego	tupać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietupiącego	tupać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupiącej	tupać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietupiącemu	tupać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupiące	tupać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupiące	tupać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupiących	tupać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietupiących	tupać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupiącymi	tupać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupiącym	tupać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupiącym	tupać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupiący	tupać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietupiący	tupać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietupiący	tupać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietupnięciach	tupnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięciami	tupnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięcia	tupnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięcia	tupnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięciem	tupnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięcie	tupnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięciom	tupnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięciu	tupnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietupnięć	tupnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietupocąca	tupotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietupocącą	tupotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietupocącego	tupotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietupocącego	tupotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupocącej	tupotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietupocącemu	tupotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupocące	tupotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupocące	tupotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupocących	tupotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietupocących	tupotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupocącymi	tupotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupocącym	tupotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupocącym	tupotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupocący	tupotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietupocący	tupotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietupocący	tupotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietupocząca	tupotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącą	tupotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącego	tupotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącego	tupotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącej	tupotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącemu	tupotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczące	tupotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczące	tupotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczących	tupotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietupoczących	tupotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącymi	tupotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącym	tupotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczącym	tupotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietupoczący	tupotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietupoczący	tupotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietupoczący	tupotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietupotaniach	tupotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotaniami	tupotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotania	tupotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotania	tupotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotaniem	tupotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotanie	tupotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotaniom	tupotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotaniu	tupotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietupotań	tupotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietupcząca	tuptać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącą	tuptać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącego	tuptać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącego	tuptać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącej	tuptać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącemu	tuptać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczące	tuptać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczące	tuptać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczących	tuptać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczących	tuptać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącymi	tuptać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącym	tuptać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczącym	tuptać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczący	tuptać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczący	tuptać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietupczący	tuptać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietuptająca	tuptać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuptającą	tuptać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuptającego	tuptać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuptającego	tuptać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuptającej	tuptać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuptającemu	tuptać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuptające	tuptać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuptające	tuptać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptających	tuptać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuptających	tuptać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuptającymi	tuptać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuptającym	tuptać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuptającym	tuptać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuptający	tuptać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuptający	tuptać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuptający	tuptać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuptaniach	tuptać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptaniami	tuptać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptania	tuptać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptania	tuptać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptaniem	tuptać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptanie	tuptać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptaniom	tuptać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptaniu	tuptać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuptań	tuptać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbodoładowana	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowaną	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanego	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanego	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanej	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanemu	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowane	turbodoładować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowane	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowaniach	turbodoładować	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowaniami	turbodoładować	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowania	turbodoładować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowania	turbodoładować	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowaniem	turbodoładować	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanie	turbodoładować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowaniom	turbodoładować	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowani	turbodoładować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowaniu	turbodoładować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanych	turbodoładować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanych	turbodoładować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanymi	turbodoładować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanym	turbodoładować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowanym	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowany	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowany	turbodoładować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieturbodoładowań	turbodoładować	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieturbowana	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaną	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanego	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanego	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanej	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanemu	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowane	turbować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowane	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniach	turbować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniami	turbować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowania	turbować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowania	turbować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniem	turbować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanie	turbować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniom	turbować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowani	turbować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniu	turbować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanych	turbować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanych	turbować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanymi	turbować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanym	turbować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanym	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowany	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturbowany	turbować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturbowań	turbować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbująca	turbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbującą	turbować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbującego	turbować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturbującego	turbować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującej	turbować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbującemu	turbować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujące	turbować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujące	turbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujących	turbować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbujących	turbować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującymi	turbować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującym	turbować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującym	turbować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujący	turbować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbujący	turbować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturbujący	turbować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturbowana	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaną	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanego	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanego	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanej	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanemu	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowane	turbować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowane	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniach	turbować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniami	turbować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowania	turbować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowania	turbować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniem	turbować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanie	turbować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniom	turbować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowani	turbować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbowaniu	turbować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanych	turbować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanych	turbować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanymi	turbować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanym	turbować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowanym	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbowany	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturbowany	turbować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturbowań	turbować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbująca	turbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbującą	turbować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbującego	turbować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturbującego	turbować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującej	turbować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturbującemu	turbować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujące	turbować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujące	turbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujących	turbować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbujących	turbować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującymi	turbować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującym	turbować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbującym	turbować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturbujący	turbować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturbujący	turbować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturbujący	turbować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturcząca	turczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturczącą	turczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturczącego	turczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturczącego	turczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczącej	turczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturczącemu	turczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczące	turczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczące	turczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczących	turczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturczących	turczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczącymi	turczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczącym	turczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczącym	turczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczący	turczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturczący	turczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturczący	turczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturczeniach	turczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczeniami	turczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczenia	turczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczenia	turczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczeniem	turczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczenie	turczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczeniom	turczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczeni	turczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturczeniu	turczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczeń	turczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczona	turczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturczoną	turczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturczonego	turczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturczonego	turczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczonej	turczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturczonemu	turczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczone	turczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczone	turczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturczonych	turczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturczonych	turczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczonymi	turczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczonym	turczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczonym	turczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturczony	turczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturczony	turczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturgająca	turgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturgającą	turgać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturgającego	turgać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturgającego	turgać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgającej	turgać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturgającemu	turgać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgające	turgać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgające	turgać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturgających	turgać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturgających	turgać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgającymi	turgać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgającym	turgać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgającym	turgać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgający	turgać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturgający	turgać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturgający	turgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturgana	turgać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturganą	turgać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturganego	turgać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturganego	turgać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturganej	turgać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturganemu	turgać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgane	turgać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgane	turgać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturganiach	turgać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturganiami	turgać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturgania	turgać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturgania	turgać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturganiem	turgać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturganie	turgać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturganiom	turgać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturgani	turgać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturganiu	turgać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturganych	turgać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturganych	turgać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturganymi	turgać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturganym	turgać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturganym	turgać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturgany	turgać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturgany	turgać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturgań	turgać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkająca	turkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkającą	turkać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkającego	turkać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturkającego	turkać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkającej	turkać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkającemu	turkać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkające	turkać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkające	turkać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkających	turkać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturkających	turkać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkającymi	turkać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkającym	turkać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkającym	turkać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkający	turkać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturkający	turkać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturkający	turkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturkaniach	turkać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkaniami	turkać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkania	turkać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkania	turkać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkaniem	turkać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkanie	turkać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkaniom	turkać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkaniu	turkać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkań	turkać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocąca	turkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącą	turkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącego	turkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącego	turkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącej	turkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącemu	turkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocące	turkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocące	turkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocących	turkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturkocących	turkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącymi	turkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącym	turkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocącym	turkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkocący	turkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturkocący	turkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturkocący	turkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturkocząca	turkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącą	turkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącego	turkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącego	turkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącej	turkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącemu	turkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczące	turkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczące	turkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczących	turkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczących	turkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącymi	turkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącym	turkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczącym	turkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczący	turkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczący	turkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturkoczący	turkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturkotaniach	turkotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotaniami	turkotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotania	turkotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotania	turkotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotaniem	turkotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotanie	turkotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotaniom	turkotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotaniu	turkotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturkotań	turkotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlająca	turlać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlającą	turlać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlającego	turlać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturlającego	turlać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlającej	turlać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlającemu	turlać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlające	turlać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlające	turlać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlających	turlać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturlających	turlać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlającymi	turlać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlającym	turlać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlającym	turlać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlający	turlać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturlający	turlać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturlający	turlać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturlana	turlać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlaną	turlać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlanego	turlać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturlanego	turlać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlanej	turlać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlanemu	turlać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlane	turlać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlane	turlać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlaniach	turlać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlaniami	turlać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlania	turlać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlania	turlać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlaniem	turlać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlanie	turlać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlaniom	turlać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlani	turlać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturlaniu	turlać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlanych	turlać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturlanych	turlać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlanymi	turlać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlanym	turlać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlanym	turlać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlany	turlać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturlany	turlać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturlań	turlać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikająca	turlikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającą	turlikać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającego	turlikać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającego	turlikać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającej	turlikać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającemu	turlikać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikające	turlikać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikające	turlikać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikających	turlikać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturlikających	turlikać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającymi	turlikać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającym	turlikać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikającym	turlikać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikający	turlikać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturlikający	turlikać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturlikający	turlikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieturlikaniach	turlikać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikaniami	turlikać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikania	turlikać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikania	turlikać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikaniem	turlikać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikanie	turlikać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikaniom	turlikać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikaniu	turlikać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturlikań	turlikać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowaniach	turnować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowaniami	turnować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowania	turnować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowania	turnować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowaniem	turnować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowanie	turnować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowaniom	turnować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowaniu	turnować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnowań	turnować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnująca	turnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturnującą	turnować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieturnującego	turnować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieturnującego	turnować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturnującej	turnować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieturnującemu	turnować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturnujące	turnować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturnujące	turnować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieturnujących	turnować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturnujących	turnować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturnującymi	turnować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturnującym	turnować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieturnującym	turnować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieturnujący	turnować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieturnujący	turnować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieturnujący	turnować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuszowana	tuszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszowaną	tuszować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanego	tuszować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanego	tuszować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanej	tuszować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanemu	tuszować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowane	tuszować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowane	tuszować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowaniach	tuszować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowaniami	tuszować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowania	tuszować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowania	tuszować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowaniem	tuszować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanie	tuszować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowaniom	tuszować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowani	tuszować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuszowaniu	tuszować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanych	tuszować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanych	tuszować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanymi	tuszować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanym	tuszować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowanym	tuszować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszowany	tuszować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuszowany	tuszować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuszowań	tuszować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszująca	tuszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszującą	tuszować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszującego	tuszować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuszującego	tuszować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszującej	tuszować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszującemu	tuszować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszujące	tuszować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszujące	tuszować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszujących	tuszować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuszujących	tuszować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszującymi	tuszować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszującym	tuszować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszującym	tuszować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszujący	tuszować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuszujący	tuszować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuszujący	tuszować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietusząca	tuszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszącą	tuszyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszącego	tuszyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuszącego	tuszyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszącej	tuszyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuszącemu	tuszyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszące	tuszyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszące	tuszyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszących	tuszyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuszących	tuszyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszącymi	tuszyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszącym	tuszyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszącym	tuszyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuszący	tuszyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuszący	tuszyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuszący	tuszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuszeniach	tuszyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszeniami	tuszyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszenia	tuszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszenia	tuszyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszeniem	tuszyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszenie	tuszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszeniom	tuszyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszeniu	tuszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuszeń	tuszyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzająca	tuzać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzającą	tuzać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzającego	tuzać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuzającego	tuzać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzającej	tuzać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzającemu	tuzać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzające	tuzać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzające	tuzać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzających	tuzać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzających	tuzać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzającymi	tuzać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzającym	tuzać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzającym	tuzać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzający	tuzać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzający	tuzać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuzający	tuzać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuzana	tuzać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzaną	tuzać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzanego	tuzać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuzanego	tuzać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzanej	tuzać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzanemu	tuzać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzane	tuzać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzane	tuzać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzaniach	tuzać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzaniami	tuzać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzania	tuzać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzania	tuzać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzaniem	tuzać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzanie	tuzać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzaniom	tuzać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzani	tuzać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzaniu	tuzać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzanych	tuzać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzanych	tuzać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzanymi	tuzać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzanym	tuzać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzanym	tuzać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzany	tuzać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuzany	tuzać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuzań	tuzać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowana	tuzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzowaną	tuzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanego	tuzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanego	tuzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanej	tuzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanemu	tuzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowane	tuzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowane	tuzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowaniach	tuzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowaniami	tuzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowania	tuzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowania	tuzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowaniem	tuzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanie	tuzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowaniom	tuzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowani	tuzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzowaniu	tuzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanych	tuzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanych	tuzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanymi	tuzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanym	tuzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowanym	tuzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzowany	tuzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuzowany	tuzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietuzowań	tuzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzująca	tuzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzującą	tuzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzującego	tuzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietuzującego	tuzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzującej	tuzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietuzującemu	tuzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzujące	tuzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzujące	tuzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietuzujących	tuzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzujących	tuzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzującymi	tuzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzującym	tuzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzującym	tuzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietuzujący	tuzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietuzujący	tuzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietuzujący	tuzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejąca	twardnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącą	twardnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącego	twardnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącego	twardnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącej	twardnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącemu	twardnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejące	twardnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejące	twardnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejących	twardnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejących	twardnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącymi	twardnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącym	twardnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejącym	twardnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejący	twardnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejący	twardnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietwardniejący	twardnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietwardnieniach	twardnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnieniami	twardnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnienia	twardnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnienia	twardnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnieniem	twardnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnienie	twardnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnieniom	twardnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnieniu	twardnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardnień	twardnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzeniach	twardzieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzeniami	twardzieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzenia	twardzieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzenia	twardzieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzeniem	twardzieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzenie	twardzieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzeniom	twardzieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzeniu	twardzieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardzeń	twardzieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejąca	twardzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącą	twardzieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącego	twardzieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącego	twardzieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącej	twardzieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącemu	twardzieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejące	twardzieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejące	twardzieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejących	twardzieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejących	twardzieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącymi	twardzieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącym	twardzieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejącym	twardzieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejący	twardzieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejący	twardzieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietwardziejący	twardzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietweetowaniach	tweetować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowaniami	tweetować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowania	tweetować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowania	tweetować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowaniem	tweetować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowanie	tweetować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowaniom	tweetować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowaniu	tweetować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetowań	tweetować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetująca	tweetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietweetującą	tweetować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietweetującego	tweetować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietweetującego	tweetować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietweetującej	tweetować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietweetującemu	tweetować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietweetujące	tweetować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietweetujące	tweetować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietweetujących	tweetować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietweetujących	tweetować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietweetującymi	tweetować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietweetującym	tweetować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietweetującym	tweetować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietweetujący	tweetować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietweetujący	tweetować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietweetujący	tweetować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietwierdząca	twierdzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącą	twierdzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącego	twierdzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącego	twierdzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącej	twierdzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącemu	twierdzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzące	twierdzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzące	twierdzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzących	twierdzić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzących	twierdzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącymi	twierdzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącym	twierdzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzącym	twierdzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzący	twierdzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzący	twierdzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzący	twierdzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzeniach	twierdzić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzeniami	twierdzić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzenia	twierdzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzenia	twierdzić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzeniem	twierdzić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzenie	twierdzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzeniom	twierdzić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzeniu	twierdzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwierdzeń	twierdzić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowaniach	twistować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowaniami	twistować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowania	twistować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowania	twistować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowaniem	twistować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowanie	twistować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowaniom	twistować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowaniu	twistować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistowań	twistować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistująca	twistować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwistującą	twistować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietwistującego	twistować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietwistującego	twistować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwistującej	twistować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietwistującemu	twistować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwistujące	twistować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwistujące	twistować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietwistujących	twistować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwistujących	twistować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwistującymi	twistować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwistującym	twistować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietwistującym	twistować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietwistujący	twistować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietwistujący	twistować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietwistujący	twistować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietworząca	tworzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietworzącą	tworzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietworzącego	tworzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietworzącego	tworzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzącej	tworzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietworzącemu	tworzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzące	tworzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzące	tworzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzących	tworzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietworzących	tworzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzącymi	tworzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzącym	tworzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzącym	tworzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzący	tworzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietworzący	tworzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietworzący	tworzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietworzeniach	tworzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzeniami	tworzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzenia	tworzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzenia	tworzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzeniem	tworzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzenie	tworzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzeniom	tworzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzeni	tworzyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietworzeniu	tworzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzeń	tworzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzona	tworzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietworzoną	tworzyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietworzonego	tworzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietworzonego	tworzyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzonej	tworzyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietworzonemu	tworzyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzone	tworzyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzone	tworzyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietworzonych	tworzyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietworzonych	tworzyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzonymi	tworzyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzonym	tworzyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzonym	tworzyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietworzony	tworzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietworzony	tworzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietycząca	tyczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącą	tyczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącego	tyczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyczącego	tyczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącej	tyczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącemu	tyczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczące	tyczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczące	tyczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczących	tyczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczących	tyczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącymi	tyczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącym	tyczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącym	tyczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniach	tyczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniami	tyczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenia	tyczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenia	tyczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniem	tyczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenie	tyczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniom	tyczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniu	tyczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeń	tyczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowana	tyczkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowaną	tyczkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanego	tyczkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanego	tyczkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanej	tyczkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanemu	tyczkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowane	tyczkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowane	tyczkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowaniach	tyczkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowaniami	tyczkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowania	tyczkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowania	tyczkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowaniem	tyczkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanie	tyczkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowaniom	tyczkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowani	tyczkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowaniu	tyczkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanych	tyczkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanych	tyczkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanymi	tyczkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanym	tyczkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowanym	tyczkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowany	tyczkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowany	tyczkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczkowań	tyczkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkująca	tyczkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującą	tyczkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującego	tyczkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującego	tyczkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującej	tyczkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującemu	tyczkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkujące	tyczkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkujące	tyczkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkujących	tyczkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczkujących	tyczkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującymi	tyczkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującym	tyczkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkującym	tyczkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczkujący	tyczkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczkujący	tyczkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczkujący	tyczkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietycząca	tyczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącą	tyczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącego	tyczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyczącego	tyczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącej	tyczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącemu	tyczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczące	tyczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczące	tyczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczących	tyczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczących	tyczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącymi	tyczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącym	tyczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącym	tyczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniach	tyczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniami	tyczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenia	tyczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenia	tyczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniem	tyczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenie	tyczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniom	tyczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeni	tyczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniu	tyczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeń	tyczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczona	tyczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczoną	tyczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczonego	tyczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyczonego	tyczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczonej	tyczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczonemu	tyczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczone	tyczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczone	tyczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczonych	tyczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczonych	tyczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczonymi	tyczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczonym	tyczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczonym	tyczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczony	tyczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczony	tyczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietycząca	tyczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącą	tyczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącego	tyczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyczącego	tyczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącej	tyczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyczącemu	tyczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczące	tyczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczące	tyczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczących	tyczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczących	tyczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącymi	tyczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącym	tyczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczącym	tyczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczący	tyczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniach	tyczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniami	tyczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenia	tyczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenia	tyczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniem	tyczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczenie	tyczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniom	tyczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeniu	tyczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyczeń	tyczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyciach	tyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyciami	tyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietycia	tyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietycia	tyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyciem	tyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietycie	tyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyciom	tyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyciu	tyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyć	tyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyjąca	tyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyjącą	tyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyjącego	tyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyjącego	tyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyjącej	tyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyjącemu	tyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyjące	tyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyjące	tyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyjących	tyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyjących	tyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyjącymi	tyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyjącym	tyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyjącym	tyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyjący	tyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyjący	tyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyjący	tyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietykająca	tykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającą	tykać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającego	tykać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietykającego	tykać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającej	tykać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającemu	tykać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykające	tykać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykające	tykać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykających	tykać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykających	tykać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającymi	tykać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającym	tykać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającym	tykać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietykana	tykać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykaną	tykać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietykanego	tykać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietykanego	tykać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykanej	tykać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykanemu	tykać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykane	tykać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykane	tykać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniach	tykać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniami	tykać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykania	tykać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykania	tykać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniem	tykać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykanie	tykać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniom	tykać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietykani	tykać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykaniu	tykać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykanych	tykać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykanych	tykać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykanymi	tykać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykanym	tykać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykanym	tykać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykany	tykać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietykany	tykać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietykań	tykać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietykająca	tykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającą	tykać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającego	tykać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietykającego	tykać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającej	tykać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającemu	tykać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykające	tykać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykające	tykać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykających	tykać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykających	tykać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającymi	tykać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającym	tykać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającym	tykać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietykaniach	tykać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniami	tykać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykania	tykać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykania	tykać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniem	tykać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykanie	tykać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniom	tykać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniu	tykać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykań	tykać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietykająca	tykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającą	tykać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającego	tykać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietykającego	tykać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającej	tykać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykającemu	tykać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykające	tykać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykające	tykać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykających	tykać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykających	tykać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającymi	tykać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającym	tykać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykającym	tykać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietykający	tykać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietykaniach	tykać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniami	tykać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykania	tykać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykania	tykać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniem	tykać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykanie	tykać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniom	tykać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietykaniu	tykać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykań	tykać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyknięciach	tyknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięciami	tyknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięcia	tyknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięcia	tyknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięciem	tyknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięcie	tyknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięciom	tyknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięciu	tyknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietyknięć	tyknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietykocąca	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykocącą	tykotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietykocącego	tykotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietykocącego	tykotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykocącej	tykotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykocącemu	tykotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykocące	tykotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykocące	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykocących	tykotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykocących	tykotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykocącymi	tykotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykocącym	tykotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykocącym	tykotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykocący	tykotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykocący	tykotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietykocący	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietykocząca	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącą	tykotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącego	tykotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącego	tykotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącej	tykotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącemu	tykotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczące	tykotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczące	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczących	tykotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykoczących	tykotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącymi	tykotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącym	tykotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczącym	tykotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietykoczący	tykotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietykoczący	tykotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietykoczący	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietykotająca	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającą	tykotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającego	tykotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającego	tykotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającej	tykotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającemu	tykotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotające	tykotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotające	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotających	tykotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotających	tykotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającymi	tykotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającym	tykotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotającym	tykotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotający	tykotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotający	tykotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotający	tykotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nietykotaniach	tykotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotaniami	tykotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotania	tykotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotania	tykotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotaniem	tykotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotanie	tykotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotaniom	tykotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotaniu	tykotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietykotań	tykotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowana	tynkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietynkowaną	tynkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanego	tynkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanego	tynkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanej	tynkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanemu	tynkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowane	tynkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowane	tynkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowaniach	tynkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowaniami	tynkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowania	tynkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowania	tynkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowaniem	tynkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanie	tynkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowaniom	tynkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowani	tynkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietynkowaniu	tynkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanych	tynkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanych	tynkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanymi	tynkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanym	tynkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowanym	tynkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkowany	tynkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietynkowany	tynkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietynkowań	tynkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkująca	tynkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietynkującą	tynkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietynkującego	tynkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietynkującego	tynkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkującej	tynkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietynkującemu	tynkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkujące	tynkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkujące	tynkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietynkujących	tynkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietynkujących	tynkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkującymi	tynkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkującym	tynkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkującym	tynkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietynkujący	tynkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietynkujący	tynkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietynkujący	tynkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietypizowana	typizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypizowaną	typizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanego	typizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanego	typizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanej	typizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanemu	typizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowane	typizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowane	typizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowaniach	typizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowaniami	typizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowania	typizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowania	typizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowaniem	typizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanie	typizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowaniom	typizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowani	typizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypizowaniu	typizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanych	typizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanych	typizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanymi	typizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanym	typizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowanym	typizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizowany	typizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietypizowany	typizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietypizowań	typizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizująca	typizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypizującą	typizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietypizującego	typizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietypizującego	typizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizującej	typizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypizującemu	typizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizujące	typizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizujące	typizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypizujących	typizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypizujących	typizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizującymi	typizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizującym	typizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizującym	typizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypizujący	typizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypizujący	typizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietypizujący	typizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowana	typologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowaną	typologizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanego	typologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanego	typologizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanej	typologizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanemu	typologizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowane	typologizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowane	typologizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowaniach	typologizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowaniami	typologizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowania	typologizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowania	typologizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowaniem	typologizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanie	typologizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowaniom	typologizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowani	typologizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowaniu	typologizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanych	typologizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanych	typologizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanymi	typologizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanym	typologizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowanym	typologizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowany	typologizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowany	typologizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietypologizowań	typologizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizująca	typologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującą	typologizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującego	typologizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującego	typologizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującej	typologizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującemu	typologizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizujące	typologizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizujące	typologizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizujących	typologizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypologizujących	typologizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującymi	typologizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującym	typologizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizującym	typologizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypologizujący	typologizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypologizujący	typologizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietypologizujący	typologizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietypowana	typować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypowaną	typować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietypowanego	typować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietypowanego	typować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypowanej	typować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypowanemu	typować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypowane	typować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypowane	typować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowaniach	typować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowaniami	typować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowania	typować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowania	typować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowaniem	typować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowanie	typować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowaniom	typować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowani	typować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypowaniu	typować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypowanych	typować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypowanych	typować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypowanymi	typować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypowanym	typować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypowanym	typować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypowany	typować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietypowany	typować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietypowań	typować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietypująca	typować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypującą	typować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietypującego	typować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietypującego	typować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypującej	typować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietypującemu	typować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypujące	typować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypujące	typować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietypujących	typować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypujących	typować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypującymi	typować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypującym	typować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietypującym	typować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietypujący	typować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietypujący	typować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietypujący	typować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrająca	tyrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrającą	tyrać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrającego	tyrać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyrającego	tyrać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrającej	tyrać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrającemu	tyrać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrające	tyrać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrające	tyrać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrających	tyrać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrających	tyrać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrającymi	tyrać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrającym	tyrać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrającym	tyrać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrający	tyrać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrający	tyrać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrający	tyrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyraniach	tyrać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniami	tyrać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrania	tyrać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrania	tyrać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniem	tyrać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranie	tyrać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniom	tyrać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniu	tyrać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrań	tyrać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowaniach	tyralierować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowaniami	tyralierować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowania	tyralierować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowania	tyralierować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowaniem	tyralierować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowanie	tyralierować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowaniom	tyralierować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowaniu	tyralierować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierowań	tyralierować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierująca	tyralierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującą	tyralierować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującego	tyralierować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującego	tyralierować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującej	tyralierować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującemu	tyralierować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierujące	tyralierować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierujące	tyralierować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierujących	tyralierować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyralierujących	tyralierować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującymi	tyralierować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującym	tyralierować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierującym	tyralierować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyralierujący	tyralierować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyralierujący	tyralierować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyralierujący	tyralierować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyraniąca	tyranić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącą	tyranić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącego	tyranić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącego	tyranić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącej	tyranić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącemu	tyranić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniące	tyranić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniące	tyranić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniących	tyranić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyraniących	tyranić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącymi	tyranić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącym	tyranić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniącym	tyranić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyraniący	tyranić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyraniący	tyranić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyraniący	tyranić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyranieniach	tyranić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranieniami	tyranić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranienia	tyranić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranienia	tyranić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranieniem	tyranić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranienie	tyranić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranieniom	tyranić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranieniu	tyranić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranień	tyranić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowana	tyranizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowaną	tyranizować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanego	tyranizować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanego	tyranizować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanej	tyranizować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanemu	tyranizować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowane	tyranizować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowane	tyranizować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowaniach	tyranizować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowaniami	tyranizować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowania	tyranizować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowania	tyranizować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowaniem	tyranizować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanie	tyranizować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowaniom	tyranizować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowani	tyranizować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowaniu	tyranizować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanych	tyranizować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanych	tyranizować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanymi	tyranizować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanym	tyranizować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowanym	tyranizować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowany	tyranizować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowany	tyranizować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyranizowań	tyranizować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizująca	tyranizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującą	tyranizować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującego	tyranizować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującego	tyranizować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującej	tyranizować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującemu	tyranizować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizujące	tyranizować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizujące	tyranizować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizujących	tyranizować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyranizujących	tyranizować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującymi	tyranizować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującym	tyranizować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizującym	tyranizować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyranizujący	tyranizować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyranizujący	tyranizować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyranizujący	tyranizować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrknięciach	tyrknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięciami	tyrknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięcia	tyrknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięcia	tyrknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięciem	tyrknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięcie	tyrknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięciom	tyrknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięciu	tyrknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrknięć	tyrknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietyrkocąca	tyrkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącą	tyrkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącego	tyrkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącego	tyrkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącej	tyrkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącemu	tyrkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocące	tyrkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocące	tyrkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocących	tyrkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocących	tyrkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącymi	tyrkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącym	tyrkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocącym	tyrkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocący	tyrkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocący	tyrkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocący	tyrkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrkocząca	tyrkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącą	tyrkotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącego	tyrkotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącego	tyrkotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącej	tyrkotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącemu	tyrkotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczące	tyrkotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczące	tyrkotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczących	tyrkotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczących	tyrkotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącymi	tyrkotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącym	tyrkotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczącym	tyrkotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczący	tyrkotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczący	tyrkotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrkoczący	tyrkotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotaniach	tyrkotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotaniami	tyrkotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotania	tyrkotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotania	tyrkotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotaniem	tyrkotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotanie	tyrkotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotaniom	tyrkotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotaniu	tyrkotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrkotań	tyrkotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikająca	tyrlikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającą	tyrlikać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającego	tyrlikać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającego	tyrlikać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającej	tyrlikać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającemu	tyrlikać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikające	tyrlikać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikające	tyrlikać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikających	tyrlikać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikających	tyrlikać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającymi	tyrlikać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającym	tyrlikać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikającym	tyrlikać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikający	tyrlikać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikający	tyrlikać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikający	tyrlikać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikaniach	tyrlikać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikaniami	tyrlikać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikania	tyrlikać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikania	tyrlikać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikaniem	tyrlikać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikanie	tyrlikać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikaniom	tyrlikać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikaniu	tyrlikać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrlikań	tyrlikać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpająca	tyrpać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającą	tyrpać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającego	tyrpać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającego	tyrpać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającej	tyrpać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającemu	tyrpać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpające	tyrpać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpające	tyrpać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpających	tyrpać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrpających	tyrpać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającymi	tyrpać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającym	tyrpać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpającym	tyrpać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpający	tyrpać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietyrpający	tyrpać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrpający	tyrpać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietyrpaniach	tyrpać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpaniami	tyrpać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpania	tyrpać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpania	tyrpać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpaniem	tyrpać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpanie	tyrpać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpaniom	tyrpać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpaniu	tyrpać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpań	tyrpać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietyrpnięciach	tyrpnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięciami	tyrpnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięcia	tyrpnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięcia	tyrpnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięciem	tyrpnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięcie	tyrpnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięciom	tyrpnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięci	tyrpnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięciu	tyrpnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięć	tyrpnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięta	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętą	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętego	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętego	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętej	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętemu	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięte	tyrpnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięte	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętych	tyrpnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętych	tyrpnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętymi	tyrpnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętym	tyrpnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nietyrpniętym	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięty	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nietyrpnięty	tyrpnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nietytłająca	tytłać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytłającą	tytłać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietytłającego	tytłać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietytłającego	tytłać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłającej	tytłać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytłającemu	tytłać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłające	tytłać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłające	tytłać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłających	tytłać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytłających	tytłać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłającymi	tytłać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłającym	tytłać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłającym	tytłać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłający	tytłać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytłający	tytłać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietytłający	tytłać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietytłana	tytłać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytłaną	tytłać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietytłanego	tytłać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietytłanego	tytłać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłanej	tytłać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytłanemu	tytłać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłane	tytłać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłane	tytłać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłaniach	tytłać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłaniami	tytłać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłania	tytłać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłania	tytłać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłaniem	tytłać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłanie	tytłać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłaniom	tytłać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłani	tytłać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytłaniu	tytłać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytłanych	tytłać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytłanych	tytłać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłanymi	tytłać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłanym	tytłać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłanym	tytłać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytłany	tytłać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietytłany	tytłać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietytłań	tytłać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowana	tytułować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytułowaną	tytułować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanego	tytułować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanego	tytułować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanej	tytułować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanemu	tytułować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowane	tytułować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowane	tytułować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowaniach	tytułować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowaniami	tytułować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowania	tytułować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowania	tytułować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowaniem	tytułować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanie	tytułować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowaniom	tytułować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowani	tytułować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytułowaniu	tytułować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanych	tytułować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanych	tytułować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanymi	tytułować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanym	tytułować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowanym	tytułować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułowany	tytułować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietytułowany	tytułować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nietytułowań	tytułować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułująca	tytułować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytułującą	tytułować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nietytułującego	tytułować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nietytułującego	tytułować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułującej	tytułować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nietytułującemu	tytułować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułujące	tytułować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułujące	tytułować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nietytułujących	tytułować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytułujących	tytułować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułującymi	tytułować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułującym	tytułować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułującym	tytułować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nietytułujący	tytułować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nietytułujący	tytułować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nietytułujący	tytułować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
