nievatowscy	nievatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nievatowska	nievatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nievatowską	nievatowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nievatowską	nievatowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nievatowskich	nievatowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nievatowskich	nievatowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievatowskich	nievatowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievatowskiego	nievatowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nievatowskiego	nievatowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievatowskiej	nievatowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nievatowskiej	nievatowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nievatowskiej	nievatowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nievatowskiemu	nievatowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievatowskie	nievatowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievatowskie	nievatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievatowskie	nievatowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nievatowskie	nievatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nievatowskimi	nievatowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievatowskim	nievatowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievatowskim	nievatowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievatowskim	nievatowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievatowski	nievatowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nievatowski	nievatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nievatowsko	nievatowsko	adv:pos		
nievatowskościach	nievatowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskościami	nievatowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskością	nievatowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskości	nievatowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskościom	nievatowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskość	nievatowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievatowskość	nievatowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowscy	nievipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nievipowska	nievipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nievipowską	nievipowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nievipowską	nievipowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nievipowskich	nievipowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nievipowskich	nievipowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievipowskich	nievipowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievipowskiego	nievipowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nievipowskiego	nievipowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievipowskiej	nievipowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nievipowskiej	nievipowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nievipowskiej	nievipowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nievipowskiemu	nievipowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievipowskie	nievipowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievipowskie	nievipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievipowskie	nievipowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nievipowskie	nievipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nievipowskimi	nievipowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievipowskim	nievipowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nievipowskim	nievipowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievipowskim	nievipowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nievipowski	nievipowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nievipowski	nievipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nievipowsko	nievipowsko	adv:pos		
nievipowskościach	nievipowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskościami	nievipowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskością	nievipowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskości	nievipowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskościom	nievipowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskość	nievipowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nievipowskość	nievipowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
