nieósemkowościach	nieósemkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowościami	nieósemkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowością	nieósemkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowości	nieósemkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowości	nieósemkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowości	nieósemkowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowości	nieósemkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowości	nieósemkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowości	nieósemkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowościom	nieósemkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowość	nieósemkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowość	nieósemkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósemkowa	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieósemkową	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieósemkową	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieósemkowego	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieósemkowego	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósemkowej	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieósemkowej	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieósemkowej	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieósemkowemu	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósemkowe	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósemkowe	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósemkowe	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieósemkowe	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieósemkowi	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieósemkowych	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieósemkowych	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósemkowych	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósemkowymi	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósemkowym	nieósemkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósemkowym	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósemkowym	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósemkowy	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieósemkowy	nieósemkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieósmościach	nieósmość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmościami	nieósmość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmością	nieósmość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmości	nieósmość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmości	nieósmość	subst:pl:nom.acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmości	nieósmość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmości	nieósmość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmości	nieósmość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmości	nieósmość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmościom	nieósmość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmość	nieósmość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósmość	nieósmość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieósma	nieósmy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieósmą	nieósmy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieósmą	nieósmy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieósmego	nieósmy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieósmego	nieósmy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósmej	nieósmy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieósmej	nieósmy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieósmej	nieósmy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieósmemu	nieósmy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósme	nieósmy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósme	nieósmy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósme	nieósmy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieósme	nieósmy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieósmych	nieósmy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieósmych	nieósmy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósmych	nieósmy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósmymi	nieósmy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósmym	nieósmy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieósmym	nieósmy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósmym	nieósmy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieósmy	nieósmy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieósmy	nieósmy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieóśmi	nieósmy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieówczasowościach	nieówczasowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowościami	nieówczasowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowością	nieówczasowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowości	nieówczasowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowości	nieówczasowość	subst:pl:nom.acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowości	nieówczasowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowości	nieówczasowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowości	nieówczasowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowości	nieówczasowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowościom	nieówczasowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowość	nieówczasowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowość	nieówczasowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczasowa	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieówczasową	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieówczasową	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieówczasowego	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieówczasowego	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczasowej	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieówczasowej	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieówczasowej	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieówczasowemu	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczasowe	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczasowe	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczasowe	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieówczasowe	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieówczasowi	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieówczasowych	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieówczasowych	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczasowych	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczasowymi	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczasowym	nieówczasowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczasowym	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczasowym	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczasowy	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieówczasowy	nieówczasowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieówczesnościach	nieówczesność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesnościami	nieówczesność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesnością	nieówczesność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesności	nieówczesność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesności	nieówczesność	subst:pl:nom.acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesności	nieówczesność	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesności	nieówczesność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesności	nieówczesność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesności	nieówczesność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesnościom	nieówczesność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesność	nieówczesność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesność	nieówczesność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieówczesna	nieówczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieówczesną	nieówczesny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieówczesną	nieówczesny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieówczesnego	nieówczesny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieówczesnego	nieówczesny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczesnej	nieówczesny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieówczesnej	nieówczesny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieówczesnej	nieówczesny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieówczesnemu	nieówczesny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczesne	nieówczesny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczesne	nieówczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczesne	nieówczesny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieówczesne	nieówczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieówczesnych	nieówczesny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieówczesnych	nieówczesny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczesnych	nieówczesny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczesnymi	nieówczesny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczesnym	nieówczesny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieówczesnym	nieówczesny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczesnym	nieówczesny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieówczesny	nieówczesny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieówczesny	nieówczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieówcześni	nieówczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieówcześnie	nieówcześnie	adv:pos		
nieósemkowana	ósemkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowaną	ósemkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanego	ósemkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanego	ósemkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanej	ósemkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanemu	ósemkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowane	ósemkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowane	ósemkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowaniach	ósemkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowaniami	ósemkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowania	ósemkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowania	ósemkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowaniem	ósemkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanie	ósemkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowaniom	ósemkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowani	ósemkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowaniu	ósemkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanych	ósemkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanych	ósemkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanymi	ósemkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanym	ósemkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowanym	ósemkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowany	ósemkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowany	ósemkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieósemkowań	ósemkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkująca	ósemkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującą	ósemkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującego	ósemkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującego	ósemkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującej	ósemkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującemu	ósemkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkujące	ósemkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkujące	ósemkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkujących	ósemkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieósemkujących	ósemkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującymi	ósemkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującym	ósemkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkującym	ósemkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieósemkujący	ósemkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieósemkujący	ósemkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieósemkujący	ósemkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
