nieżabia	nieżabi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabią	nieżabi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabią	nieżabi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabich	nieżabi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabich	nieżabi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabich	nieżabi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiego	nieżabi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabiego	nieżabi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiej	nieżabi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabiej	nieżabi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabiej	nieżabi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabiemu	nieżabi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabie	nieżabi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabie	nieżabi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabie	nieżabi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabie	nieżabi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabimi	nieżabi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabim	nieżabi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabim	nieżabi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabim	nieżabi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabi	nieżabi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabi	nieżabi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabi	nieżabi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabieńcowatościach	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatościami	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatością	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatości	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatości	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatości	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatości	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatości	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatościom	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatość	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowatość	nieżabieńcowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńcowaci	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabieńcowata	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabieńcowatą	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabieńcowatą	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabieńcowatego	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabieńcowatego	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowatej	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabieńcowatej	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabieńcowatej	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabieńcowatemu	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowate	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowate	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowate	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabieńcowate	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabieńcowatych	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabieńcowatych	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowatych	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowatymi	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowatym	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowatym	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowatym	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieńcowaty	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabieńcowaty	nieżabieńcowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabieńscy	nieżabieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabieńska	nieżabieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabieńską	nieżabieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabieńską	nieżabieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabieńskich	nieżabieński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabieńskich	nieżabieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńskich	nieżabieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńskiego	nieżabieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabieńskiego	nieżabieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieńskiej	nieżabieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabieńskiej	nieżabieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabieńskiej	nieżabieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabieńskiemu	nieżabieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieńskie	nieżabieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńskie	nieżabieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńskie	nieżabieński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabieńskie	nieżabieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabieńskimi	nieżabieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńskim	nieżabieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabieńskim	nieżabieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieńskim	nieżabieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabieński	nieżabieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabieński	nieżabieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabieńsko	nieżabieńsko	adv:pos		
nieżabieńskościach	nieżabieńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskościami	nieżabieńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskością	nieżabieńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskości	nieżabieńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskości	nieżabieńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskości	nieżabieńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskości	nieżabieńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskości	nieżabieńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskościom	nieżabieńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskość	nieżabieńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabieńskość	nieżabieńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowscy	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabikowska	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabikowską	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabikowską	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabikowskich	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabikowskich	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabikowskich	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabikowskiego	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabikowskiego	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabikowskiej	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabikowskiej	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabikowskiej	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabikowskiemu	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabikowskie	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabikowskie	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabikowskie	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabikowskie	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabikowskimi	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabikowskim	nieżabikowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabikowskim	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabikowskim	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabikowski	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabikowski	nieżabikowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabikowsko	nieżabikowsko	adv:pos		
nieżabikowskościach	nieżabikowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskościami	nieżabikowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskością	nieżabikowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskości	nieżabikowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskości	nieżabikowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskości	nieżabikowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskości	nieżabikowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskości	nieżabikowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskościom	nieżabikowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskość	nieżabikowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabikowskość	nieżabikowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińscy	nieżabiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabińska	nieżabiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabińską	nieżabiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabińską	nieżabiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabińskich	nieżabiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabińskich	nieżabiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabińskich	nieżabiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabińskiego	nieżabiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabińskiego	nieżabiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabińskiej	nieżabiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabińskiej	nieżabiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabińskiej	nieżabiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabińskiemu	nieżabiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabińskie	nieżabiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabińskie	nieżabiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabińskie	nieżabiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabińskie	nieżabiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabińskimi	nieżabiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabińskim	nieżabiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabińskim	nieżabiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabińskim	nieżabiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiński	nieżabiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabiński	nieżabiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabińsko	nieżabińsko	adv:pos		
nieżabińskościach	nieżabińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskościami	nieżabińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskością	nieżabińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskości	nieżabińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskości	nieżabińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskości	nieżabińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskości	nieżabińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskości	nieżabińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskościom	nieżabińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskość	nieżabińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabińskość	nieżabińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabio	nieżabio	adv:pos		
nieżabiościach	nieżabiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiościami	nieżabiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiością	nieżabiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiości	nieżabiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiości	nieżabiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiości	nieżabiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiości	nieżabiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiości	nieżabiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiościom	nieżabiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiość	nieżabiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiość	nieżabiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolscy	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabiowolska	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabiowolską	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabiowolską	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabiowolskich	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabiowolskich	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskich	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskiego	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabiowolskiego	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskiej	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabiowolskiej	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabiowolskiej	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabiowolskiemu	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskie	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskie	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskie	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabiowolskie	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabiowolskimi	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskim	nieżabiowolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskim	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiowolskim	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiowolski	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabiowolski	nieżabiowolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabiowolsko	nieżabiowolsko	adv:pos		
nieżabiowolskościach	nieżabiowolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskościami	nieżabiowolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskością	nieżabiowolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskości	nieżabiowolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskości	nieżabiowolskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskości	nieżabiowolskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskości	nieżabiowolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskości	nieżabiowolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskościom	nieżabiowolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskość	nieżabiowolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiowolskość	nieżabiowolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatościach	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatościami	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatością	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatości	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatości	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatości	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatości	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatości	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatościom	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatość	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowatość	nieżabiściekowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabiściekowaci	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabiściekowata	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabiściekowatą	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabiściekowatą	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabiściekowatego	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabiściekowatego	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowatej	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabiściekowatej	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabiściekowatej	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabiściekowatemu	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowate	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowate	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowate	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabiściekowate	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabiściekowatych	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabiściekowatych	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowatych	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowatymi	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowatym	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowatym	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowatym	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabiściekowaty	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabiściekowaty	nieżabiściekowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabnicowatościach	nieżabnicowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatościami	nieżabnicowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatością	nieżabnicowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatości	nieżabnicowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatości	nieżabnicowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatości	nieżabnicowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatości	nieżabnicowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatości	nieżabnicowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatościom	nieżabnicowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatość	nieżabnicowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowatość	nieżabnicowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabnicowaci	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabnicowata	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabnicowatą	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabnicowatą	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabnicowatego	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabnicowatego	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabnicowatej	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabnicowatej	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabnicowatej	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabnicowatemu	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabnicowate	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabnicowate	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabnicowate	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabnicowate	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabnicowatych	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabnicowatych	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabnicowatych	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabnicowatymi	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabnicowatym	nieżabnicowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabnicowatym	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabnicowatym	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabnicowaty	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabnicowaty	nieżabnicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabojadzcy	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabojadzka	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabojadzką	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabojadzką	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabojadzkich	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabojadzkich	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkich	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkiego	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabojadzkiego	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkiej	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabojadzkiej	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabojadzkiej	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabojadzkiemu	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkie	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkie	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkie	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabojadzkie	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabojadzkimi	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkim	nieżabojadzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkim	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabojadzkim	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabojadzki	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabojadzki	nieżabojadzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabojadzko	nieżabojadzko	adv:pos		
nieżabojadzkościach	nieżabojadzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkościami	nieżabojadzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkością	nieżabojadzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkości	nieżabojadzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkości	nieżabojadzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkości	nieżabojadzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkości	nieżabojadzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkości	nieżabojadzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkościom	nieżabojadzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkość	nieżabojadzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabojadzkość	nieżabojadzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowościach	nieżabotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowościami	nieżabotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowością	nieżabotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowości	nieżabotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowości	nieżabotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowości	nieżabotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowości	nieżabotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowości	nieżabotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowościom	nieżabotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowość	nieżabotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowość	nieżabotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabotowa	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabotową	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabotową	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabotowego	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabotowego	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabotowej	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabotowej	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabotowej	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabotowemu	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabotowe	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabotowe	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabotowe	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabotowe	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabotowi	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabotowych	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabotowych	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabotowych	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabotowymi	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabotowym	nieżabotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabotowym	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabotowym	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabotowy	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabotowy	nieżabotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżabowatościach	nieżabowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatościami	nieżabowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatością	nieżabowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatości	nieżabowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatości	nieżabowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatości	nieżabowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatości	nieżabowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatości	nieżabowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatościom	nieżabowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatość	nieżabowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowatość	nieżabowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżabowaci	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżabowata	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżabowatą	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżabowatą	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżabowatego	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżabowatego	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabowatej	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżabowatej	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżabowatej	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżabowatemu	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabowate	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabowate	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabowate	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżabowate	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżabowatych	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżabowatych	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabowatych	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabowatymi	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabowatym	nieżabowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżabowatym	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabowatym	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżabowaty	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżabowaty	nieżabowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżachliwościach	nieżachliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwościami	nieżachliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwością	nieżachliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwości	nieżachliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwości	nieżachliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwości	nieżachliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwości	nieżachliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwości	nieżachliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwościom	nieżachliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwość	nieżachliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwość	nieżachliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżachliwa	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżachliwą	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżachliwą	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżachliwego	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżachliwego	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżachliwej	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżachliwej	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżachliwej	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżachliwemu	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżachliwe	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżachliwe	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżachliwe	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżachliwe	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżachliwi	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżachliwych	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżachliwych	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżachliwych	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżachliwymi	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżachliwym	nieżachliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżachliwym	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżachliwym	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżachliwy	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżachliwy	nieżachliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżaczościach	nieżaczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczościami	nieżaczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczością	nieżaczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczości	nieżaczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczości	nieżaczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczości	nieżaczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczości	nieżaczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczości	nieżaczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczościom	nieżaczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczość	nieżaczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaczość	nieżaczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżacza	nieżaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżaczą	nieżaczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżaczą	nieżaczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżaczego	nieżaczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżaczego	nieżaczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaczej	nieżaczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżaczej	nieżaczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżaczej	nieżaczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżaczemu	nieżaczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżacze	nieżaczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżacze	nieżaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżacze	nieżaczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżacze	nieżaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżaczych	nieżaczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżaczych	nieżaczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaczych	nieżaczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaczymi	nieżaczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaczym	nieżaczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaczym	nieżaczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaczym	nieżaczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaczy	nieżaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżaczy	nieżaczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżaczy	nieżaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżadniusieńcy	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżadniusieńka	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżadniusieńką	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżadniusieńką	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżadniusieńkich	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżadniusieńkich	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkich	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkiego	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżadniusieńkiego	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkiej	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżadniusieńkiej	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżadniusieńkiej	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżadniusieńkiemu	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkie	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkie	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkie	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkie	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkimi	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkim	nieżadniusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkim	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńkim	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżadniusieńki	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżadniusieńki	nieżadniusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżadniusieńkościach	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkościami	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkością	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkości	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkości	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkości	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkości	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkości	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkościom	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkość	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżadniusieńkość	nieżadniusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańscy	nieżagański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżagańska	nieżagański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżagańską	nieżagański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżagańską	nieżagański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżagańskich	nieżagański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżagańskich	nieżagański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagańskich	nieżagański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagańskiego	nieżagański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżagańskiego	nieżagański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagańskiej	nieżagański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżagańskiej	nieżagański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżagańskiej	nieżagański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżagańskiemu	nieżagański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagańskie	nieżagański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagańskie	nieżagański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagańskie	nieżagański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżagańskie	nieżagański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżagańskimi	nieżagański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagańskim	nieżagański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagańskim	nieżagański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagańskim	nieżagański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagański	nieżagański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżagański	nieżagański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżagańsko	nieżagańsko	adv:pos		
nieżagańskościach	nieżagańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskościami	nieżagańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskością	nieżagańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskości	nieżagańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskości	nieżagańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskości	nieżagańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskości	nieżagańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskości	nieżagańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskościom	nieżagańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskość	nieżagańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagańskość	nieżagańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowościach	nieżagielkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowościami	nieżagielkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowością	nieżagielkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowości	nieżagielkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowości	nieżagielkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowości	nieżagielkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowości	nieżagielkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowości	nieżagielkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowościom	nieżagielkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowość	nieżagielkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowość	nieżagielkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagielkowa	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżagielkową	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżagielkową	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżagielkowego	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżagielkowego	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagielkowej	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżagielkowej	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżagielkowej	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżagielkowemu	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagielkowe	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagielkowe	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagielkowe	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżagielkowe	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżagielkowi	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżagielkowych	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżagielkowych	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagielkowych	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagielkowymi	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagielkowym	nieżagielkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagielkowym	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagielkowym	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagielkowy	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżagielkowy	nieżagielkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżaglowościach	nieżaglowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowościami	nieżaglowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowością	nieżaglowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowości	nieżaglowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowości	nieżaglowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowości	nieżaglowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowości	nieżaglowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowości	nieżaglowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowościom	nieżaglowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowość	nieżaglowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowość	nieżaglowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaglowa	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżaglową	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżaglową	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżaglowego	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżaglowego	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaglowej	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżaglowej	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżaglowej	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżaglowemu	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaglowe	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaglowe	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaglowe	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżaglowe	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżaglowi	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżaglowych	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżaglowych	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaglowych	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaglowymi	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaglowym	nieżaglowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaglowym	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaglowym	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaglowy	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżaglowy	nieżaglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżagnicowatościach	nieżagnicowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatościami	nieżagnicowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatością	nieżagnicowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatości	nieżagnicowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatości	nieżagnicowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatości	nieżagnicowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatości	nieżagnicowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatości	nieżagnicowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatościom	nieżagnicowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatość	nieżagnicowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowatość	nieżagnicowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnicowaci	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżagnicowata	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżagnicowatą	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżagnicowatą	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżagnicowatego	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżagnicowatego	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnicowatej	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżagnicowatej	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżagnicowatej	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżagnicowatemu	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnicowate	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnicowate	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnicowate	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżagnicowate	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżagnicowatych	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżagnicowatych	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnicowatych	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnicowatymi	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnicowatym	nieżagnicowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnicowatym	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnicowatym	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnicowaty	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżagnicowaty	nieżagnicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżagnotowościach	nieżagnotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowościami	nieżagnotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowością	nieżagnotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowości	nieżagnotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowości	nieżagnotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowości	nieżagnotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowości	nieżagnotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowości	nieżagnotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowościom	nieżagnotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowość	nieżagnotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowość	nieżagnotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagnotowa	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżagnotową	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżagnotową	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżagnotowego	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżagnotowego	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnotowej	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżagnotowej	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżagnotowej	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżagnotowemu	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnotowe	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnotowe	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnotowe	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżagnotowe	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżagnotowi	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżagnotowych	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżagnotowych	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnotowych	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnotowymi	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnotowym	nieżagnotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagnotowym	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnotowym	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagnotowy	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżagnotowy	nieżagnotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżagwiowatościach	nieżagwiowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatościami	nieżagwiowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatością	nieżagwiowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatości	nieżagwiowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatości	nieżagwiowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatości	nieżagwiowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatości	nieżagwiowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatości	nieżagwiowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatościom	nieżagwiowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatość	nieżagwiowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowatość	nieżagwiowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżagwiowaci	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżagwiowata	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżagwiowatą	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżagwiowatą	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżagwiowatego	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżagwiowatego	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagwiowatej	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżagwiowatej	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżagwiowatej	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżagwiowatemu	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagwiowate	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagwiowate	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagwiowate	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżagwiowate	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżagwiowatych	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżagwiowatych	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagwiowatych	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagwiowatymi	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagwiowatym	nieżagwiowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżagwiowatym	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagwiowatym	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżagwiowaty	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżagwiowaty	nieżagwiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżakardowościach	nieżakardowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowościami	nieżakardowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowością	nieżakardowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowości	nieżakardowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowości	nieżakardowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowości	nieżakardowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowości	nieżakardowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowości	nieżakardowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowościom	nieżakardowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowość	nieżakardowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowość	nieżakardowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowscy	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżakardowska	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżakardowską	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżakardowską	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżakardowskich	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżakardowskich	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowskich	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowskiego	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżakardowskiego	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowskiej	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżakardowskiej	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżakardowskiej	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżakardowskiemu	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowskie	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowskie	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowskie	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżakardowskie	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżakardowskimi	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowskim	nieżakardowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowskim	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowskim	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowski	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżakardowski	nieżakardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżakardowsko	nieżakardowsko	adv:pos		
nieżakardowskościach	nieżakardowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskościami	nieżakardowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskością	nieżakardowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskości	nieżakardowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskości	nieżakardowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskości	nieżakardowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskości	nieżakardowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskości	nieżakardowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskościom	nieżakardowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskość	nieżakardowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowskość	nieżakardowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakardowa	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżakardową	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżakardową	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżakardowego	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżakardowego	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowej	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżakardowej	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżakardowej	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżakardowemu	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowe	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowe	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowe	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżakardowe	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżakardowi	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżakardowych	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżakardowych	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowych	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowymi	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowym	nieżakardowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakardowym	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowym	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakardowy	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżakardowy	nieżakardowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżakietowościach	nieżakietowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowościami	nieżakietowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowością	nieżakietowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowości	nieżakietowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowości	nieżakietowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowości	nieżakietowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowości	nieżakietowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowości	nieżakietowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowościom	nieżakietowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowość	nieżakietowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowość	nieżakietowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakietowa	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżakietową	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżakietową	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżakietowego	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżakietowego	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakietowej	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżakietowej	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżakietowej	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżakietowemu	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakietowe	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakietowe	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakietowe	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżakietowe	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżakietowi	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżakietowych	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżakietowych	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakietowych	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakietowymi	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakietowym	nieżakietowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakietowym	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakietowym	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakietowy	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżakietowy	nieżakietowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżakowscy	nieżakowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżakowska	nieżakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżakowską	nieżakowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżakowską	nieżakowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżakowskich	nieżakowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżakowskich	nieżakowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakowskich	nieżakowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakowskiego	nieżakowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżakowskiego	nieżakowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakowskiej	nieżakowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżakowskiej	nieżakowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżakowskiej	nieżakowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżakowskiemu	nieżakowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakowskie	nieżakowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakowskie	nieżakowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakowskie	nieżakowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżakowskie	nieżakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżakowskimi	nieżakowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakowskim	nieżakowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżakowskim	nieżakowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakowskim	nieżakowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżakowski	nieżakowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżakowski	nieżakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżakowsko	nieżakowsko	adv:pos		
nieżakowskościach	nieżakowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskościami	nieżakowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskością	nieżakowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskości	nieżakowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskości	nieżakowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskości	nieżakowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskości	nieżakowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskości	nieżakowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskościom	nieżakowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskość	nieżakowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżakowskość	nieżakowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalnościach	nieżalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalnościami	nieżalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalnością	nieżalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalności	nieżalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalności	nieżalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalności	nieżalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalności	nieżalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalności	nieżalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalnościom	nieżalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalność	nieżalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalność	nieżalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżalna	nieżalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżalną	nieżalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżalną	nieżalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżalnego	nieżalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżalnego	nieżalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżalnej	nieżalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżalnej	nieżalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżalnej	nieżalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżalnemu	nieżalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżalne	nieżalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżalne	nieżalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżalne	nieżalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżalne	nieżalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżalni	nieżalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżalnych	nieżalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżalnych	nieżalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżalnych	nieżalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżalnymi	nieżalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżalnym	nieżalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżalnym	nieżalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżalnym	nieżalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżalny	nieżalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżalny	nieżalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżaluzjowościach	nieżaluzjowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowościami	nieżaluzjowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowością	nieżaluzjowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowości	nieżaluzjowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowości	nieżaluzjowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowości	nieżaluzjowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowości	nieżaluzjowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowości	nieżaluzjowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowościom	nieżaluzjowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowość	nieżaluzjowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowość	nieżaluzjowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaluzjowa	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżaluzjową	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżaluzjową	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżaluzjowego	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżaluzjowego	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowej	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżaluzjowej	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżaluzjowej	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżaluzjowemu	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowe	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowe	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowe	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżaluzjowe	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżaluzjowi	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżaluzjowych	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżaluzjowych	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowych	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowymi	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowym	nieżaluzjowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowym	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowym	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaluzjowy	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżaluzjowy	nieżaluzjowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałobliwie	nieżałobliwie	adv:pos		
nieżałobliwościach	nieżałobliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwościami	nieżałobliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwością	nieżałobliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwości	nieżałobliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwości	nieżałobliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwości	nieżałobliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwości	nieżałobliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwości	nieżałobliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwościom	nieżałobliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwość	nieżałobliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwość	nieżałobliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobliwa	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałobliwą	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałobliwą	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałobliwego	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałobliwego	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobliwej	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałobliwej	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałobliwej	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałobliwemu	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobliwe	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobliwe	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobliwe	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałobliwe	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałobliwi	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałobliwych	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałobliwych	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobliwych	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobliwymi	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobliwym	nieżałobliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobliwym	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobliwym	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobliwy	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałobliwy	nieżałobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałobniczościach	nieżałobniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczościami	nieżałobniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczością	nieżałobniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczości	nieżałobniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczości	nieżałobniczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczości	nieżałobniczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczości	nieżałobniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczości	nieżałobniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczościom	nieżałobniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczość	nieżałobniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobniczość	nieżałobniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobnicza	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałobniczą	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałobniczą	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałobniczego	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałobniczego	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobniczej	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałobniczej	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałobniczej	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałobniczemu	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobnicze	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobnicze	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobnicze	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałobnicze	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałobniczych	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałobniczych	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobniczych	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobniczymi	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobniczym	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobniczym	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobniczym	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobniczy	nieżałobniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałobniczy	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałobniczy	nieżałobniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałobnie	nieżałobnie	adv:pos		
nieżałobno	nieżałobno	adv:pos		
nieżałobnościach	nieżałobność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobnościami	nieżałobność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobnością	nieżałobność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobności	nieżałobność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobności	nieżałobność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobności	nieżałobność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobności	nieżałobność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobności	nieżałobność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobnościom	nieżałobność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobność	nieżałobność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobność	nieżałobność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałobna	nieżałobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałobną	nieżałobny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałobną	nieżałobny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałobnego	nieżałobny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałobnego	nieżałobny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobnej	nieżałobny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałobnej	nieżałobny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałobnej	nieżałobny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałobnemu	nieżałobny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobne	nieżałobny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobne	nieżałobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobne	nieżałobny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałobne	nieżałobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałobni	nieżałobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałobnych	nieżałobny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałobnych	nieżałobny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobnych	nieżałobny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobnymi	nieżałobny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobnym	nieżałobny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałobnym	nieżałobny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobnym	nieżałobny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałobny	nieżałobny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałobny	nieżałobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałosno	nieżałosno	adv:pos		
nieżałosnościach	nieżałosność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosnościami	nieżałosność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosnością	nieżałosność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosności	nieżałosność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosności	nieżałosność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosności	nieżałosność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosności	nieżałosność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosności	nieżałosność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosnościom	nieżałosność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosność	nieżałosność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosność	nieżałosność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałosna	nieżałosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałosną	nieżałosny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałosną	nieżałosny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałosnego	nieżałosny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałosnego	nieżałosny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałosnej	nieżałosny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałosnej	nieżałosny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałosnej	nieżałosny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałosnemu	nieżałosny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałosne	nieżałosny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałosne	nieżałosny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałosne	nieżałosny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałosne	nieżałosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałosnych	nieżałosny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałosnych	nieżałosny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałosnych	nieżałosny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałosnymi	nieżałosny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałosnym	nieżałosny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałosnym	nieżałosny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałosnym	nieżałosny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałosny	nieżałosny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałosny	nieżałosny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałośni	nieżałosny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałościwie	nieżałościwie	adv:pos		
nieżałościwościach	nieżałościwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwościami	nieżałościwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwością	nieżałościwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwości	nieżałościwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwości	nieżałościwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwości	nieżałościwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwości	nieżałościwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwości	nieżałościwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwościom	nieżałościwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwość	nieżałościwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwość	nieżałościwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałościwa	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałościwą	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałościwą	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałościwego	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałościwego	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałościwej	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałościwej	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałościwej	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałościwemu	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałościwe	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałościwe	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałościwe	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałościwe	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałościwi	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałościwych	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałościwych	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałościwych	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałościwymi	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałościwym	nieżałościwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałościwym	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałościwym	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałościwy	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałościwy	nieżałościwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałośliwie	nieżałośliwie	adv:pos		
nieżałośliwościach	nieżałośliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwościami	nieżałośliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwością	nieżałośliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwości	nieżałośliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwości	nieżałośliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwości	nieżałośliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwości	nieżałośliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwości	nieżałośliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwościom	nieżałośliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwość	nieżałośliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwość	nieżałośliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośliwa	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałośliwą	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałośliwą	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałośliwego	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałośliwego	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośliwej	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałośliwej	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałośliwej	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałośliwemu	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośliwe	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośliwe	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośliwe	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałośliwe	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałośliwi	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałośliwych	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałośliwych	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośliwych	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośliwymi	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośliwym	nieżałośliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośliwym	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośliwym	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośliwy	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałośliwy	nieżałośliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałośnie	nieżałośnie	adv:pos		
nieżałośno	nieżałośno	adv:pos		
nieżałośnościach	nieżałośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośnościami	nieżałośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośnością	nieżałośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośności	nieżałośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośności	nieżałośność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośności	nieżałośność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośności	nieżałośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośności	nieżałośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośnościom	nieżałośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośność	nieżałośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośność	nieżałośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżałośna	nieżałośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałośną	nieżałośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałośną	nieżałośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałośnego	nieżałośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałośnego	nieżałośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośnej	nieżałośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałośnej	nieżałośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałośnej	nieżałośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałośnemu	nieżałośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośne	nieżałośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośne	nieżałośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośne	nieżałośny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałośne	nieżałośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałośni	nieżałośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałośnych	nieżałośny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałośnych	nieżałośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośnych	nieżałośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośnymi	nieżałośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośnym	nieżałośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałośnym	nieżałośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośnym	nieżałośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałośny	nieżałośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałośny	nieżałośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżałująco	nieżałująco	adv:pos		
nieżałująca	nieżałujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżałującą	nieżałujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżałującą	nieżałujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżałującego	nieżałujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżałującego	nieżałujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałującej	nieżałujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżałującej	nieżałujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżałującej	nieżałujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżałującemu	nieżałujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałujące	nieżałujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałujące	nieżałujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałujące	nieżałujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżałujące	nieżałujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżałujących	nieżałujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżałujących	nieżałujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałujących	nieżałujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałującymi	nieżałujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałującym	nieżałujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżałującym	nieżałujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałującym	nieżałujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżałujący	nieżałujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżałujący	nieżałujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżałujący	nieżałujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżandarmscy	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżandarmska	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżandarmską	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżandarmską	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżandarmskich	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżandarmskich	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżandarmskich	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżandarmskiego	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżandarmskiego	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżandarmskiej	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżandarmskiej	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżandarmskiej	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżandarmskiemu	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżandarmskie	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżandarmskie	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżandarmskie	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżandarmskie	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżandarmskimi	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżandarmskim	nieżandarmski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżandarmskim	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżandarmskim	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżandarmski	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżandarmski	nieżandarmski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżandarmsko	nieżandarmsko	adv:pos		
nieżandarmskościach	nieżandarmskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskościami	nieżandarmskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskością	nieżandarmskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskości	nieżandarmskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskości	nieżandarmskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskości	nieżandarmskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskości	nieżandarmskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskości	nieżandarmskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskościom	nieżandarmskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskość	nieżandarmskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżandarmskość	nieżandarmskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowościach	nieżanrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowościami	nieżanrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowością	nieżanrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowości	nieżanrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowości	nieżanrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowości	nieżanrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowości	nieżanrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowości	nieżanrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowościom	nieżanrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowość	nieżanrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowość	nieżanrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżanrowa	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżanrową	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżanrową	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżanrowego	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżanrowego	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżanrowej	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżanrowej	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżanrowej	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżanrowemu	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżanrowe	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżanrowe	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżanrowe	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżanrowe	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżanrowi	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżanrowych	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżanrowych	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżanrowych	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżanrowymi	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżanrowym	nieżanrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżanrowym	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżanrowym	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżanrowy	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżanrowy	nieżanrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżareccy	nieżarecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarecka	nieżarecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarecką	nieżarecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarecką	nieżarecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżareckich	nieżarecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżareckich	nieżarecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżareckich	nieżarecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżareckiego	nieżarecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżareckiego	nieżarecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżareckiej	nieżarecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżareckiej	nieżarecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżareckiej	nieżarecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżareckiemu	nieżarecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżareckie	nieżarecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżareckie	nieżarecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżareckie	nieżarecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżareckie	nieżarecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżareckimi	nieżarecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżareckim	nieżarecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżareckim	nieżarecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżareckim	nieżarecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarecki	nieżarecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarecki	nieżarecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarecko	nieżarecki	adja		
nieżarecku	nieżarecki	adjp:dat		
nieżargonowo	nieżargonowo	adv:pos		
nieżargonowościach	nieżargonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowościami	nieżargonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowością	nieżargonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowości	nieżargonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowości	nieżargonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowości	nieżargonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowości	nieżargonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowości	nieżargonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowościom	nieżargonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowość	nieżargonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowość	nieżargonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżargonowa	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżargonową	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżargonową	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżargonowego	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżargonowego	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżargonowej	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżargonowej	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżargonowej	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżargonowemu	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżargonowe	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżargonowe	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżargonowe	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżargonowe	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżargonowi	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżargonowych	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżargonowych	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżargonowych	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżargonowymi	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżargonowym	nieżargonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżargonowym	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżargonowym	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżargonowy	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżargonowy	nieżargonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarcy	nieżarki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarka	nieżarki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarką	nieżarki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarką	nieżarki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarkich	nieżarki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarkich	nieżarki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarkich	nieżarki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarkiego	nieżarki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarkiego	nieżarki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarkiej	nieżarki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarkiej	nieżarki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarkiej	nieżarki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarkiemu	nieżarki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarkie	nieżarki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarkie	nieżarki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarkie	nieżarki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarkie	nieżarki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarkimi	nieżarki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarkim	nieżarki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarkim	nieżarki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarkim	nieżarki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarki	nieżarki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarki	nieżarki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarko	nieżarko	adv:pos		
nieżarkościach	nieżarkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkościami	nieżarkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkością	nieżarkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkości	nieżarkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkości	nieżarkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkości	nieżarkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkości	nieżarkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkości	nieżarkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkościom	nieżarkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkość	nieżarkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarkość	nieżarkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwie	nieżarliwie	adv:pos		
nieżarliwościach	nieżarliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwościami	nieżarliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwością	nieżarliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwości	nieżarliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwości	nieżarliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwości	nieżarliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwości	nieżarliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwości	nieżarliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwościom	nieżarliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwość	nieżarliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwość	nieżarliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarliwa	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarliwą	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarliwą	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarliwego	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarliwego	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarliwej	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarliwej	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarliwej	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarliwemu	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarliwe	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarliwe	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarliwe	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarliwe	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarliwi	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarliwych	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarliwych	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarliwych	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarliwymi	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarliwym	nieżarliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarliwym	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarliwym	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarliwy	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarliwy	nieżarliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarłoccy	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarłocka	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarłocką	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarłocką	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarłockich	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarłockich	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłockich	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłockiego	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarłockiego	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłockiej	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarłockiej	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarłockiej	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarłockiemu	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłockie	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłockie	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłockie	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarłockie	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarłockimi	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłockim	nieżarłocki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłockim	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłockim	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłocki	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarłocki	nieżarłocki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarłocko	nieżarłocko	adv:pos		
nieżarłockościach	nieżarłockość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockościami	nieżarłockość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockością	nieżarłockość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockości	nieżarłockość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockości	nieżarłockość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockości	nieżarłockość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockości	nieżarłockość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockości	nieżarłockość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockościom	nieżarłockość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockość	nieżarłockość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłockość	nieżarłockość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłocznie	nieżarłocznie	adv:pos		
nieżarłocznościach	nieżarłoczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłocznościami	nieżarłoczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłocznością	nieżarłoczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczności	nieżarłoczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczności	nieżarłoczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczności	nieżarłoczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczności	nieżarłoczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczności	nieżarłoczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłocznościom	nieżarłoczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczność	nieżarłoczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczność	nieżarłoczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarłoczna	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarłoczną	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarłoczną	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarłocznego	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarłocznego	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłocznej	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarłocznej	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarłocznej	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarłocznemu	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłoczne	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłoczne	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłoczne	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarłoczne	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarłoczni	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarłocznych	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarłocznych	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłocznych	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłocznymi	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłocznym	nieżarłoczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarłocznym	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłocznym	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarłoczny	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarłoczny	nieżarłoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarnikowościach	nieżarnikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowościami	nieżarnikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowością	nieżarnikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowości	nieżarnikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowości	nieżarnikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowości	nieżarnikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowości	nieżarnikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowości	nieżarnikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowościom	nieżarnikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowość	nieżarnikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowość	nieżarnikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnikowa	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarnikową	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarnikową	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarnikowego	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarnikowego	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnikowej	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarnikowej	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarnikowej	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarnikowemu	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnikowe	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnikowe	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnikowe	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarnikowe	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarnikowi	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarnikowych	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarnikowych	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnikowych	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnikowymi	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnikowym	nieżarnikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnikowym	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnikowym	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnikowy	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarnikowy	nieżarnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarnościach	nieżarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnościami	nieżarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnością	nieżarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarności	nieżarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarności	nieżarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarności	nieżarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarności	nieżarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarności	nieżarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnościom	nieżarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarność	nieżarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarność	nieżarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieccy	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarnowiecka	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarnowiecką	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarnowiecką	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarnowieckich	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarnowieckich	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckich	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckiego	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarnowieckiego	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckiej	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarnowieckiej	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarnowieckiej	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarnowieckiemu	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckie	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckie	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckie	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarnowieckie	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarnowieckimi	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckim	nieżarnowiecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckim	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowieckim	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowiecki	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarnowiecki	nieżarnowiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarnowiecko	nieżarnowiecko	adv:pos		
nieżarnowieckościach	nieżarnowieckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckościami	nieżarnowieckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckością	nieżarnowieckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckości	nieżarnowieckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckości	nieżarnowieckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckości	nieżarnowieckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckości	nieżarnowieckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckości	nieżarnowieckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckościom	nieżarnowieckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckość	nieżarnowieckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowieckość	nieżarnowieckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowościach	nieżarnowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowościami	nieżarnowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowością	nieżarnowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowości	nieżarnowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowości	nieżarnowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowości	nieżarnowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowości	nieżarnowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowości	nieżarnowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowościom	nieżarnowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowość	nieżarnowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowość	nieżarnowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowscy	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarnowska	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarnowską	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarnowską	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarnowskich	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarnowskich	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowskich	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowskiego	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarnowskiego	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowskiej	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarnowskiej	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarnowskiej	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarnowskiemu	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowskie	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowskie	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowskie	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarnowskie	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarnowskimi	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowskim	nieżarnowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowskim	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowskim	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowski	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarnowski	nieżarnowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarnowsko	nieżarnowsko	adv:pos		
nieżarnowskościach	nieżarnowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskościami	nieżarnowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskością	nieżarnowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskości	nieżarnowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskości	nieżarnowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskości	nieżarnowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskości	nieżarnowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskości	nieżarnowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskościom	nieżarnowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskość	nieżarnowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowskość	nieżarnowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarnowa	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarnową	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarnową	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarnowego	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarnowego	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowej	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarnowej	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarnowej	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarnowemu	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowe	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowe	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowe	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarnowe	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarnowi	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarnowych	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarnowych	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowych	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowymi	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowym	nieżarnowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnowym	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowym	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnowy	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarnowy	nieżarnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarna	nieżarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarną	nieżarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarną	nieżarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarnego	nieżarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarnego	nieżarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnej	nieżarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarnej	nieżarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarnej	nieżarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarnemu	nieżarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarne	nieżarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarne	nieżarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarne	nieżarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarne	nieżarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarni	nieżarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarnych	nieżarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarnych	nieżarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnych	nieżarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnymi	nieżarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnym	nieżarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarnym	nieżarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarnym	nieżarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarny	nieżarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarny	nieżarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżaroodpornościach	nieżaroodporność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodpornościami	nieżaroodporność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodpornością	nieżaroodporność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporności	nieżaroodporność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporności	nieżaroodporność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporności	nieżaroodporność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporności	nieżaroodporność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporności	nieżaroodporność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodpornościom	nieżaroodporność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporność	nieżaroodporność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporność	nieżaroodporność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżaroodporna	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżaroodporną	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżaroodporną	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżaroodpornego	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżaroodpornego	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaroodpornej	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżaroodpornej	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżaroodpornej	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżaroodpornemu	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaroodporne	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaroodporne	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaroodporne	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżaroodporne	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżaroodporni	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżaroodpornych	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżaroodpornych	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaroodpornych	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaroodpornymi	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaroodpornym	nieżaroodporny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżaroodpornym	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaroodpornym	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżaroodporny	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżaroodporny	nieżaroodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarowościach	nieżarowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowościami	nieżarowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowością	nieżarowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowości	nieżarowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowości	nieżarowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowości	nieżarowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowości	nieżarowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowości	nieżarowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowościom	nieżarowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowość	nieżarowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowość	nieżarowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowscy	nieżarowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarowska	nieżarowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarowską	nieżarowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarowską	nieżarowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarowskich	nieżarowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarowskich	nieżarowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowskich	nieżarowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowskiego	nieżarowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarowskiego	nieżarowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowskiej	nieżarowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarowskiej	nieżarowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarowskiej	nieżarowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarowskiemu	nieżarowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowskie	nieżarowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowskie	nieżarowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowskie	nieżarowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarowskie	nieżarowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarowskimi	nieżarowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowskim	nieżarowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowskim	nieżarowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowskim	nieżarowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowski	nieżarowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarowski	nieżarowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarowsko	nieżarowsko	adv:pos		
nieżarowskościach	nieżarowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskościami	nieżarowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskością	nieżarowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskości	nieżarowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskości	nieżarowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskości	nieżarowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskości	nieżarowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskości	nieżarowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskościom	nieżarowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskość	nieżarowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowskość	nieżarowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowa	nieżarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarową	nieżarowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarową	nieżarowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarowego	nieżarowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarowego	nieżarowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowej	nieżarowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarowej	nieżarowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarowej	nieżarowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarowemu	nieżarowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowe	nieżarowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowe	nieżarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowe	nieżarowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarowe	nieżarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarowi	nieżarowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarowych	nieżarowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarowych	nieżarowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowych	nieżarowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowymi	nieżarowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowym	nieżarowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowym	nieżarowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowym	nieżarowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowy	nieżarowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarowy	nieżarowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałościach	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałościami	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałością	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałości	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałości	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałości	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałości	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałości	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałościom	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałość	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymałość	nieżarowytrzymałość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarowytrzymali	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarowytrzymała	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałą	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałą	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałego	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałego	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałej	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałej	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałej	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałemu	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałe	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałe	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałe	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałe	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałych	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałych	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałych	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałymi	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałym	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałym	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymałym	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarowytrzymały	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarowytrzymały	nieżarowytrzymały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarówiasto	nieżarówiasto	adv:pos		
nieżarówiastościach	nieżarówiastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastościami	nieżarówiastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastością	nieżarówiastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastości	nieżarówiastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastości	nieżarówiastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastości	nieżarówiastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastości	nieżarówiastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastości	nieżarówiastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastościom	nieżarówiastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastość	nieżarówiastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiastość	nieżarówiastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówiasta	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarówiastą	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarówiastą	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarówiastego	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarówiastego	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówiastej	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarówiastej	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarówiastej	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarówiastemu	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówiaste	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówiaste	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówiaste	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarówiaste	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarówiastych	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarówiastych	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówiastych	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówiastymi	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówiastym	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówiastym	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówiastym	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówiasty	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarówiasty	nieżarówiasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarówiaści	nieżarówiasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarówkowościach	nieżarówkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowościami	nieżarówkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowością	nieżarówkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowości	nieżarówkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowości	nieżarówkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowości	nieżarówkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowości	nieżarówkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowości	nieżarówkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowościom	nieżarówkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowość	nieżarówkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowość	nieżarówkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarówkowa	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarówkową	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarówkową	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarówkowego	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarówkowego	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówkowej	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarówkowej	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarówkowej	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarówkowemu	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówkowe	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówkowe	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówkowe	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarówkowe	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarówkowi	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarówkowych	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarówkowych	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówkowych	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówkowymi	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówkowym	nieżarówkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarówkowym	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówkowym	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarówkowy	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarówkowy	nieżarówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarscy	nieżarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarska	nieżarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarską	nieżarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarską	nieżarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarskich	nieżarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarskich	nieżarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarskich	nieżarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarskiego	nieżarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarskiego	nieżarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarskiej	nieżarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarskiej	nieżarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarskiej	nieżarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarskiemu	nieżarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarskie	nieżarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarskie	nieżarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarskie	nieżarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarskie	nieżarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarskimi	nieżarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarskim	nieżarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarskim	nieżarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarskim	nieżarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarski	nieżarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarski	nieżarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarsko	nieżarsko	adv:pos		
nieżarskościach	nieżarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskościami	nieżarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskością	nieżarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskości	nieżarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskości	nieżarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskości	nieżarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskości	nieżarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskości	nieżarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskościom	nieżarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskość	nieżarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarskość	nieżarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartcy	nieżartki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżartka	nieżartki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżartką	nieżartki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżartką	nieżartki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżartkich	nieżartki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżartkich	nieżartki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkich	nieżartki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkiego	nieżartki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżartkiego	nieżartki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartkiej	nieżartki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżartkiej	nieżartki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżartkiej	nieżartki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżartkiemu	nieżartki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartkie	nieżartki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkie	nieżartki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkie	nieżartki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżartkie	nieżartki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżartkimi	nieżartki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkim	nieżartki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkim	nieżartki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartkim	nieżartki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartki	nieżartki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżartki	nieżartki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżartko	nieżartko	adv:pos		
nieżartkolotnościach	nieżartkolotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotnościami	nieżartkolotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotnością	nieżartkolotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotności	nieżartkolotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotności	nieżartkolotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotności	nieżartkolotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotności	nieżartkolotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotności	nieżartkolotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotnościom	nieżartkolotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotność	nieżartkolotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotność	nieżartkolotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkolotna	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżartkolotną	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżartkolotną	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżartkolotnego	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżartkolotnego	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartkolotnej	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżartkolotnej	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżartkolotnej	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżartkolotnemu	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartkolotne	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkolotne	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkolotne	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżartkolotne	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżartkolotni	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżartkolotnych	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżartkolotnych	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkolotnych	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkolotnymi	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkolotnym	nieżartkolotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartkolotnym	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartkolotnym	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartkolotny	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżartkolotny	nieżartkolotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżartkościach	nieżartkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkościami	nieżartkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkością	nieżartkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkości	nieżartkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkości	nieżartkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkości	nieżartkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkości	nieżartkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkości	nieżartkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkościom	nieżartkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkość	nieżartkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartkość	nieżartkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwie	nieżartobliwie	adv:pos		
nieżartobliwościach	nieżartobliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwościami	nieżartobliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwością	nieżartobliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwości	nieżartobliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwości	nieżartobliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwości	nieżartobliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwości	nieżartobliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwości	nieżartobliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwościom	nieżartobliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwość	nieżartobliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwość	nieżartobliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartobliwa	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżartobliwą	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżartobliwą	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżartobliwego	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżartobliwego	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartobliwej	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżartobliwej	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżartobliwej	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżartobliwemu	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartobliwe	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartobliwe	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartobliwe	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżartobliwe	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżartobliwi	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżartobliwych	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżartobliwych	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartobliwych	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartobliwymi	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartobliwym	nieżartobliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartobliwym	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartobliwym	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartobliwy	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżartobliwy	nieżartobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżartościach	nieżartość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartościami	nieżartość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartością	nieżartość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartości	nieżartość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartości	nieżartość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartości	nieżartość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartości	nieżartość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartości	nieżartość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartościom	nieżartość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartość	nieżartość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartość	nieżartość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartownościach	nieżartowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartownościami	nieżartowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartownością	nieżartowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowności	nieżartowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowności	nieżartowność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowności	nieżartowność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowności	nieżartowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowności	nieżartowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartownościom	nieżartowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowność	nieżartowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowność	nieżartowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżartowna	nieżartowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżartowną	nieżartowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżartowną	nieżartowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżartownego	nieżartowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżartownego	nieżartowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartownej	nieżartowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżartownej	nieżartowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżartownej	nieżartowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżartownemu	nieżartowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartowne	nieżartowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartowne	nieżartowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartowne	nieżartowny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżartowne	nieżartowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżartowni	nieżartowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżartownych	nieżartowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżartownych	nieżartowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartownych	nieżartowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartownymi	nieżartowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartownym	nieżartowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartownym	nieżartowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartownym	nieżartowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartowny	nieżartowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżartowny	nieżartowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarci	nieżarty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarta	nieżarty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżartą	nieżarty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżartą	nieżarty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżartego	nieżarty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżartego	nieżarty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartej	nieżarty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżartej	nieżarty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżartej	nieżarty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżartemu	nieżarty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarte	nieżarty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarte	nieżarty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarte	nieżarty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarte	nieżarty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżartych	nieżarty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżartych	nieżarty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartych	nieżarty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartymi	nieżarty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartym	nieżarty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżartym	nieżarty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżartym	nieżarty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarty	nieżarty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarty	nieżarty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarzeniowościach	nieżarzeniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowościami	nieżarzeniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowością	nieżarzeniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowości	nieżarzeniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowości	nieżarzeniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowości	nieżarzeniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowości	nieżarzeniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowości	nieżarzeniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowościom	nieżarzeniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowość	nieżarzeniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowość	nieżarzeniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzeniowa	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarzeniową	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarzeniową	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarzeniowego	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarzeniowego	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowej	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarzeniowej	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarzeniowej	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarzeniowemu	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowe	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowe	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowe	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarzeniowe	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarzeniowi	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżarzeniowych	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarzeniowych	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowych	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowymi	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowym	nieżarzeniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowym	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowym	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzeniowy	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarzeniowy	nieżarzeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarzystościach	nieżarzystość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystościami	nieżarzystość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystością	nieżarzystość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystości	nieżarzystość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystości	nieżarzystość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystości	nieżarzystość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystości	nieżarzystość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystości	nieżarzystość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystościom	nieżarzystość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystość	nieżarzystość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzystość	nieżarzystość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżarzysta	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżarzystą	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżarzystą	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżarzystego	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżarzystego	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzystej	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżarzystej	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżarzystej	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżarzystemu	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzyste	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzyste	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzyste	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżarzyste	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżarzystych	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżarzystych	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzystych	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzystymi	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzystym	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżarzystym	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzystym	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżarzysty	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżarzysty	nieżarzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarzyści	nieżarzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżądaniowa	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżądaniową	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżądaniową	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżądaniowego	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżądaniowego	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądaniowej	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżądaniowej	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżądaniowej	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżądaniowemu	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądaniowe	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądaniowe	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądaniowe	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżądaniowe	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżądaniowi	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżądaniowych	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżądaniowych	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądaniowych	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądaniowymi	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądaniowym	nieżądaniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądaniowym	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądaniowym	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądaniowy	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżądaniowy	nieżądaniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżądliwie	nieżądliwie	adv:pos		
nieżądliwościach	nieżądliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwościami	nieżądliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwością	nieżądliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwości	nieżądliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwości	nieżądliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwości	nieżądliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwości	nieżądliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwości	nieżądliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwościom	nieżądliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwość	nieżądliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwość	nieżądliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądliwa	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżądliwą	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżądliwą	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżądliwego	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżądliwego	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądliwej	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżądliwej	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżądliwej	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżądliwemu	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądliwe	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądliwe	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądliwe	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżądliwe	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżądliwi	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżądliwych	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżądliwych	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądliwych	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądliwymi	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądliwym	nieżądliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądliwym	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądliwym	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądliwy	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżądliwy	nieżądliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżądłowościach	nieżądłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowościami	nieżądłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowością	nieżądłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowości	nieżądłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowości	nieżądłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowości	nieżądłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowości	nieżądłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowości	nieżądłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowościom	nieżądłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowość	nieżądłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowość	nieżądłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądłowa	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżądłową	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżądłową	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżądłowego	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżądłowego	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądłowej	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżądłowej	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżądłowej	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżądłowemu	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądłowe	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądłowe	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądłowe	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżądłowe	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżądłowi	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżądłowych	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżądłowych	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądłowych	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądłowymi	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądłowym	nieżądłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądłowym	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądłowym	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądłowy	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżądłowy	nieżądłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżądnie	nieżądnie	adv:pos		
nieżądnościach	nieżądność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądnościami	nieżądność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądnością	nieżądność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądności	nieżądność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądności	nieżądność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądności	nieżądność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądności	nieżądność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądności	nieżądność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądnościom	nieżądność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądność	nieżądność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądność	nieżądność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżądna	nieżądny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżądną	nieżądny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżądną	nieżądny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżądnego	nieżądny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżądnego	nieżądny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądnej	nieżądny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżądnej	nieżądny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżądnej	nieżądny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżądnemu	nieżądny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądne	nieżądny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądne	nieżądny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądne	nieżądny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżądne	nieżądny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżądni	nieżądny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżądnych	nieżądny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżądnych	nieżądny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądnych	nieżądny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądnymi	nieżądny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądnym	nieżądny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżądnym	nieżądny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądnym	nieżądny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżądny	nieżądny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżądny	nieżądny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżbiczościach	nieżbiczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczościami	nieżbiczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczością	nieżbiczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczości	nieżbiczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczości	nieżbiczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczości	nieżbiczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczości	nieżbiczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczości	nieżbiczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczościom	nieżbiczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczość	nieżbiczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbiczość	nieżbiczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbicza	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżbiczą	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżbiczą	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżbiczego	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżbiczego	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbiczej	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżbiczej	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżbiczej	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżbiczemu	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbicze	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbicze	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbicze	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżbicze	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżbiczych	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżbiczych	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbiczych	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbiczymi	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbiczym	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbiczym	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbiczym	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbiczy	nieżbiczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżbiczy	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżbiczy	nieżbiczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżbikowatościach	nieżbikowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatościami	nieżbikowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatością	nieżbikowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatości	nieżbikowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatości	nieżbikowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatości	nieżbikowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatości	nieżbikowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatości	nieżbikowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatościom	nieżbikowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatość	nieżbikowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowatość	nieżbikowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżbikowaci	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżbikowata	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżbikowatą	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżbikowatą	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżbikowatego	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżbikowatego	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbikowatej	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżbikowatej	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżbikowatej	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżbikowatemu	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbikowate	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbikowate	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbikowate	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżbikowate	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżbikowatych	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżbikowatych	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbikowatych	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbikowatymi	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbikowatym	nieżbikowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżbikowatym	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbikowatym	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżbikowaty	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżbikowaty	nieżbikowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeberkowanościach	nieżeberkowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowanościami	nieżeberkowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowanością	nieżeberkowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaności	nieżeberkowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaności	nieżeberkowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaności	nieżeberkowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaności	nieżeberkowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaności	nieżeberkowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowanościom	nieżeberkowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaność	nieżeberkowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaność	nieżeberkowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowana	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeberkowaną	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeberkowaną	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeberkowanego	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeberkowanego	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowanej	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeberkowanej	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeberkowanej	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeberkowanemu	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowane	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowane	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowane	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeberkowane	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeberkowani	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeberkowanych	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeberkowanych	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowanych	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowanymi	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowanym	nieżeberkowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowanym	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowanym	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowany	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeberkowany	nieżeberkowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeberkowatościach	nieżeberkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatościami	nieżeberkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatością	nieżeberkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatości	nieżeberkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatości	nieżeberkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatości	nieżeberkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatości	nieżeberkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatości	nieżeberkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatościom	nieżeberkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatość	nieżeberkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowatość	nieżeberkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowaci	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeberkowata	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeberkowatą	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeberkowatą	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeberkowatego	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeberkowatego	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowatej	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeberkowatej	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeberkowatej	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeberkowatemu	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowate	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowate	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowate	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeberkowate	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeberkowatych	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeberkowatych	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowatych	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowatymi	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowatym	nieżeberkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowatym	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowatym	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowaty	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeberkowaty	nieżeberkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeberkowościach	nieżeberkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowościami	nieżeberkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowością	nieżeberkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowości	nieżeberkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowości	nieżeberkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowości	nieżeberkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowości	nieżeberkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowości	nieżeberkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowościom	nieżeberkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowość	nieżeberkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowość	nieżeberkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeberkowa	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeberkową	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeberkową	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeberkowego	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeberkowego	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowej	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeberkowej	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeberkowej	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeberkowemu	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowe	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowe	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowe	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeberkowe	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeberkowi	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeberkowych	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeberkowych	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowych	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowymi	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowym	nieżeberkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeberkowym	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowym	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeberkowy	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeberkowy	nieżeberkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżebraccy	nieżebracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżebracka	nieżebracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżebracką	nieżebracki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżebracką	nieżebracki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżebrackich	nieżebracki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżebrackich	nieżebracki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrackich	nieżebracki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrackiego	nieżebracki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżebrackiego	nieżebracki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrackiej	nieżebracki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżebrackiej	nieżebracki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżebrackiej	nieżebracki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżebrackiemu	nieżebracki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrackie	nieżebracki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrackie	nieżebracki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrackie	nieżebracki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżebrackie	nieżebracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżebrackimi	nieżebracki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrackim	nieżebracki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrackim	nieżebracki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrackim	nieżebracki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebracki	nieżebracki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżebracki	nieżebracki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżebracko	nieżebracko	adv:pos		
nieżebrackościach	nieżebrackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackościami	nieżebrackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackością	nieżebrackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackości	nieżebrackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackości	nieżebrackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackości	nieżebrackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackości	nieżebrackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackości	nieżebrackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackościom	nieżebrackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackość	nieżebrackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrackość	nieżebrackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczo	nieżebraczo	adv:pos		
nieżebraczościach	nieżebraczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczościami	nieżebraczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczością	nieżebraczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczości	nieżebraczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczości	nieżebraczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczości	nieżebraczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczości	nieżebraczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczości	nieżebraczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczościom	nieżebraczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczość	nieżebraczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebraczość	nieżebraczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebracza	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżebraczą	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżebraczą	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżebraczego	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżebraczego	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebraczej	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżebraczej	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżebraczej	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżebraczemu	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebracze	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebracze	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebracze	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżebracze	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżebraczych	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżebraczych	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebraczych	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebraczymi	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebraczym	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebraczym	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebraczym	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebraczy	nieżebraczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżebraczy	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżebraczy	nieżebraczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżebrowanościach	nieżebrowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowanościami	nieżebrowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowanością	nieżebrowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaności	nieżebrowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaności	nieżebrowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaności	nieżebrowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaności	nieżebrowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaności	nieżebrowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowanościom	nieżebrowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaność	nieżebrowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaność	nieżebrowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowana	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżebrowaną	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżebrowaną	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżebrowanego	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżebrowanego	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowanej	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżebrowanej	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżebrowanej	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżebrowanemu	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowane	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowane	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowane	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżebrowane	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżebrowani	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżebrowanych	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżebrowanych	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowanych	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowanymi	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowanym	nieżebrowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowanym	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowanym	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowany	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżebrowany	nieżebrowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżebrowatościach	nieżebrowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatościami	nieżebrowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatością	nieżebrowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatości	nieżebrowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatości	nieżebrowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatości	nieżebrowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatości	nieżebrowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatości	nieżebrowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatościom	nieżebrowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatość	nieżebrowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowatość	nieżebrowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowaci	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżebrowata	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżebrowatą	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżebrowatą	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżebrowatego	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżebrowatego	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowatej	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżebrowatej	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżebrowatej	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżebrowatemu	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowate	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowate	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowate	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżebrowate	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżebrowatych	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżebrowatych	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowatych	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowatymi	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowatym	nieżebrowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowatym	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowatym	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowaty	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżebrowaty	nieżebrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżebrowo	nieżebrowo	adv:pos		
nieżebrowościach	nieżebrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowościami	nieżebrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowością	nieżebrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowości	nieżebrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowości	nieżebrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowości	nieżebrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowości	nieżebrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowości	nieżebrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowościom	nieżebrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowość	nieżebrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowość	nieżebrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrowa	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżebrową	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżebrową	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżebrowego	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżebrowego	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowej	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżebrowej	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżebrowej	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżebrowemu	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowe	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowe	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowe	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżebrowe	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżebrowi	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżebrowych	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżebrowych	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowych	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowymi	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowym	nieżebrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrowym	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowym	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrowy	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżebrowy	nieżebrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżebrząco	nieżebrząco	adv:pos		
nieżebrzącościach	nieżebrzącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącościami	nieżebrzącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącością	nieżebrzącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącości	nieżebrzącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącości	nieżebrzącość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącości	nieżebrzącość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącości	nieżebrzącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącości	nieżebrzącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącościom	nieżebrzącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącość	nieżebrzącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrzącość	nieżebrzącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżebrząca	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżebrzącą	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżebrzącą	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżebrzącego	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżebrzącego	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrzącej	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżebrzącej	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżebrzącej	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżebrzącemu	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrzące	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrzące	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrzące	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżebrzące	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżebrzących	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżebrzących	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrzących	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrzącymi	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrzącym	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżebrzącym	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrzącym	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżebrzący	nieżebrzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżebrzący	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżebrzący	nieżebrzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżegiestowscy	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżegiestowska	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżegiestowską	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżegiestowską	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżegiestowskich	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżegiestowskich	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskich	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskiego	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżegiestowskiego	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskiej	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżegiestowskiej	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżegiestowskiej	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżegiestowskiemu	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskie	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskie	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskie	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżegiestowskie	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżegiestowskimi	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskim	nieżegiestowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskim	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegiestowskim	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegiestowski	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżegiestowski	nieżegiestowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżegiestowsko	nieżegiestowsko	adv:pos		
nieżegiestowskościach	nieżegiestowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskościami	nieżegiestowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskością	nieżegiestowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskości	nieżegiestowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskości	nieżegiestowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskości	nieżegiestowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskości	nieżegiestowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskości	nieżegiestowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskościom	nieżegiestowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskość	nieżegiestowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegiestowskość	nieżegiestowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarscy	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeglarska	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeglarską	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeglarską	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeglarskich	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeglarskich	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglarskich	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglarskiego	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeglarskiego	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglarskiej	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeglarskiej	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeglarskiej	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeglarskiemu	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglarskie	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglarskie	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglarskie	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeglarskie	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeglarskimi	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglarskim	nieżeglarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglarskim	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglarskim	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglarski	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeglarski	nieżeglarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeglarsko	nieżeglarsko	adv:pos		
nieżeglarskościach	nieżeglarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskościami	nieżeglarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskością	nieżeglarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskości	nieżeglarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskości	nieżeglarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskości	nieżeglarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskości	nieżeglarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskości	nieżeglarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskościom	nieżeglarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskość	nieżeglarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglarskość	nieżeglarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglownościach	nieżeglowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglownościami	nieżeglowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglownością	nieżeglowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowności	nieżeglowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowności	nieżeglowność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowności	nieżeglowność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowności	nieżeglowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowności	nieżeglowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglownościom	nieżeglowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowność	nieżeglowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowność	nieżeglowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglowna	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeglowną	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeglowną	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeglownego	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeglownego	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglownej	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeglownej	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeglownej	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeglownemu	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglowne	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglowne	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglowne	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeglowne	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeglowni	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeglownych	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeglownych	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglownych	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglownymi	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglownym	nieżeglowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglownym	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglownym	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglowny	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeglowny	nieżeglowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeglugowo	nieżeglugowo	adv:pos		
nieżeglugowościach	nieżeglugowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowościami	nieżeglugowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowością	nieżeglugowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowości	nieżeglugowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowości	nieżeglugowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowości	nieżeglugowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowości	nieżeglugowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowości	nieżeglugowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowościom	nieżeglugowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowość	nieżeglugowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowość	nieżeglugowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeglugowa	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeglugową	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeglugową	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeglugowego	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeglugowego	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglugowej	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeglugowej	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeglugowej	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeglugowemu	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglugowe	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglugowe	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglugowe	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeglugowe	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeglugowi	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeglugowych	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeglugowych	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglugowych	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglugowymi	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglugowym	nieżeglugowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeglugowym	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglugowym	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeglugowy	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeglugowy	nieżeglugowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżegnalnościach	nieżegnalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalnościami	nieżegnalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalnością	nieżegnalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalności	nieżegnalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalności	nieżegnalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalności	nieżegnalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalności	nieżegnalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalności	nieżegnalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalnościom	nieżegnalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalność	nieżegnalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalność	nieżegnalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegnalna	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżegnalną	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżegnalną	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżegnalnego	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżegnalnego	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegnalnej	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżegnalnej	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżegnalnej	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżegnalnemu	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegnalne	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegnalne	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegnalne	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżegnalne	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżegnalni	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżegnalnych	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżegnalnych	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegnalnych	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegnalnymi	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegnalnym	nieżegnalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegnalnym	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegnalnym	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegnalny	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżegnalny	nieżegnalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżegocińscy	nieżegociński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżegocińska	nieżegociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżegocińską	nieżegociński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżegocińską	nieżegociński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżegocińskich	nieżegociński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżegocińskich	nieżegociński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegocińskich	nieżegociński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegocińskiego	nieżegociński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżegocińskiego	nieżegociński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegocińskiej	nieżegociński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżegocińskiej	nieżegociński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżegocińskiej	nieżegociński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżegocińskiemu	nieżegociński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegocińskie	nieżegociński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegocińskie	nieżegociński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegocińskie	nieżegociński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżegocińskie	nieżegociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżegocińskimi	nieżegociński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegocińskim	nieżegociński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżegocińskim	nieżegociński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegocińskim	nieżegociński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżegociński	nieżegociński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżegociński	nieżegociński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżegocińsko	nieżegocińsko	adv:pos		
nieżegocińskościach	nieżegocińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskościami	nieżegocińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskością	nieżegocińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskości	nieżegocińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskości	nieżegocińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskości	nieżegocińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskości	nieżegocińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskości	nieżegocińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskościom	nieżegocińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskość	nieżegocińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżegocińskość	nieżegocińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatościach	nieżelatynowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatościami	nieżelatynowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatością	nieżelatynowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatości	nieżelatynowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatości	nieżelatynowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatości	nieżelatynowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatości	nieżelatynowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatości	nieżelatynowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatościom	nieżelatynowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatość	nieżelatynowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowatość	nieżelatynowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowaci	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelatynowata	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelatynowatą	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelatynowatą	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelatynowatego	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelatynowatego	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowatej	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelatynowatej	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelatynowatej	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelatynowatemu	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowate	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowate	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowate	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelatynowate	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelatynowatych	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelatynowatych	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowatych	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowatymi	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowatym	nieżelatynowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowatym	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowatym	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowaty	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelatynowaty	nieżelatynowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelatynowościach	nieżelatynowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowościami	nieżelatynowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowością	nieżelatynowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowości	nieżelatynowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowości	nieżelatynowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowości	nieżelatynowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowości	nieżelatynowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowości	nieżelatynowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowościom	nieżelatynowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowość	nieżelatynowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowość	nieżelatynowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelatynowa	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelatynową	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelatynową	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelatynowego	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelatynowego	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowej	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelatynowej	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelatynowej	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelatynowemu	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowe	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowe	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowe	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelatynowe	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelatynowi	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelatynowych	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelatynowych	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowych	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowymi	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowym	nieżelatynowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelatynowym	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowym	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelatynowy	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelatynowy	nieżelatynowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelazawościach	nieżelazawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawościami	nieżelazawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawością	nieżelazawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawości	nieżelazawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawości	nieżelazawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawości	nieżelazawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawości	nieżelazawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawości	nieżelazawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawościom	nieżelazawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawość	nieżelazawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawość	nieżelazawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazawa	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazawą	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazawą	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazawego	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazawego	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazawej	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazawej	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazawej	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazawemu	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazawe	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazawe	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazawe	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazawe	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazawi	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazawych	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazawych	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazawych	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazawymi	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazawym	nieżelazawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazawym	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazawym	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazawy	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazawy	nieżelazawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelazicowościach	nieżelazicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowościami	nieżelazicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowością	nieżelazicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowości	nieżelazicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowości	nieżelazicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowości	nieżelazicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowości	nieżelazicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowości	nieżelazicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowościom	nieżelazicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowość	nieżelazicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowość	nieżelazicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazicowa	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazicową	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazicową	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazicowego	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazicowego	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazicowej	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazicowej	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazicowej	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazicowemu	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazicowe	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazicowe	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazicowe	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazicowe	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazicowi	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazicowych	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazicowych	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazicowych	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazicowymi	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazicowym	nieżelazicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazicowym	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazicowym	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazicowy	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazicowy	nieżelazicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelazistościach	nieżelazistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistościami	nieżelazistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistością	nieżelazistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistości	nieżelazistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistości	nieżelazistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistości	nieżelazistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistości	nieżelazistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistości	nieżelazistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistościom	nieżelazistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistość	nieżelazistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazistość	nieżelazistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazista	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazistą	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazistą	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazistego	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazistego	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazistej	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazistej	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazistej	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazistemu	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelaziste	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaziste	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaziste	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelaziste	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazistych	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazistych	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazistych	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazistymi	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazistym	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazistym	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazistym	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazisty	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazisty	nieżelazisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelaziści	nieżelazisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazkowscy	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazkowska	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazkowską	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazkowską	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazkowskich	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazkowskich	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskich	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskiego	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazkowskiego	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskiej	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazkowskiej	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazkowskiej	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazkowskiemu	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskie	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskie	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskie	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazkowskie	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazkowskimi	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskim	nieżelazkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskim	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazkowskim	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazkowski	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazkowski	nieżelazkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelazkowsko	nieżelazkowsko	adv:pos		
nieżelazkowskościach	nieżelazkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskościami	nieżelazkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskością	nieżelazkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskości	nieżelazkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskości	nieżelazkowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskości	nieżelazkowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskości	nieżelazkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskości	nieżelazkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskościom	nieżelazkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskość	nieżelazkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazkowskość	nieżelazkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicościach	nieżelaznolicość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicościami	nieżelaznolicość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicością	nieżelaznolicość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicości	nieżelaznolicość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicości	nieżelaznolicość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicości	nieżelaznolicość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicości	nieżelaznolicość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicości	nieżelaznolicość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicościom	nieżelaznolicość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicość	nieżelaznolicość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolicość	nieżelaznolicość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznolica	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelaznolicą	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelaznolicą	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelaznolicego	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelaznolicego	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelaznolicej	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelaznolicej	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelaznolicej	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelaznolicemu	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelaznolice	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznolice	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznolice	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelaznolice	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelaznolicych	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelaznolicych	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznolicych	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznolicymi	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznolicym	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznolicym	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelaznolicym	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelaznolicy	nieżelaznolicy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelaznolicy	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelaznolicy	nieżelaznolicy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelaznościach	nieżelazność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznościami	nieżelazność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznością	nieżelazność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazności	nieżelazność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazności	nieżelazność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazności	nieżelazność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazności	nieżelazność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazności	nieżelazność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelaznościom	nieżelazność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazność	nieżelazność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazność	nieżelazność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazna	nieżelazny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazną	nieżelazny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazną	nieżelazny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelaznego	nieżelazny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelaznego	nieżelazny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelaznej	nieżelazny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelaznej	nieżelazny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelaznej	nieżelazny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelaznemu	nieżelazny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazne	nieżelazny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazne	nieżelazny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazne	nieżelazny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazne	nieżelazny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelaznych	nieżelazny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelaznych	nieżelazny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznych	nieżelazny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznymi	nieżelazny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznym	nieżelazny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelaznym	nieżelazny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelaznym	nieżelazny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazny	nieżelazny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazny	nieżelazny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelaźni	nieżelazny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazobetonowościach	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowościami	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowością	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowości	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowości	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowości	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowości	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowości	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowościom	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowość	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowość	nieżelazobetonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazobetonowa	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazobetonową	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazobetonową	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazobetonowego	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazobetonowego	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowej	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazobetonowej	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazobetonowej	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazobetonowemu	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowe	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowe	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowe	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowe	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowi	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazobetonowych	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazobetonowych	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowych	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowymi	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowym	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowym	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowym	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazobetonowy	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazobetonowy	nieżelazobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelazodajnościach	nieżelazodajność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajnościami	nieżelazodajność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajnością	nieżelazodajność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajności	nieżelazodajność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajności	nieżelazodajność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajności	nieżelazodajność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajności	nieżelazodajność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajności	nieżelazodajność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajnościom	nieżelazodajność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajność	nieżelazodajność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajność	nieżelazodajność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazodajna	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazodajną	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazodajną	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazodajnego	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazodajnego	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazodajnej	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazodajnej	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazodajnej	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazodajnemu	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazodajne	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazodajne	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazodajne	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazodajne	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazodajni	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazodajnych	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazodajnych	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazodajnych	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazodajnymi	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazodajnym	nieżelazodajny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazodajnym	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazodajnym	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazodajny	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazodajny	nieżelazodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelazonośnościach	nieżelazonośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośnościami	nieżelazonośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośnością	nieżelazonośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośności	nieżelazonośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośności	nieżelazonośność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośności	nieżelazonośność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośności	nieżelazonośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośności	nieżelazonośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośnościom	nieżelazonośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośność	nieżelazonośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośność	nieżelazonośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazonośna	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazonośną	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazonośną	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazonośnego	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazonośnego	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazonośnej	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazonośnej	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazonośnej	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazonośnemu	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazonośne	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazonośne	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazonośne	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazonośne	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazonośni	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazonośnych	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazonośnych	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazonośnych	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazonośnymi	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazonośnym	nieżelazonośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazonośnym	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazonośnym	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazonośny	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazonośny	nieżelazonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelazowościach	nieżelazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowościami	nieżelazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowością	nieżelazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowości	nieżelazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowości	nieżelazowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowości	nieżelazowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowości	nieżelazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowości	nieżelazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowościom	nieżelazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowość	nieżelazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowość	nieżelazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelazowa	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelazową	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelazową	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelazowego	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelazowego	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazowej	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelazowej	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelazowej	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelazowemu	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazowe	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazowe	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazowe	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelazowe	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelazowi	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelazowych	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelazowych	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazowych	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazowymi	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazowym	nieżelazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelazowym	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazowym	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelazowy	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelazowy	nieżelazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelbetonowościach	nieżelbetonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowościami	nieżelbetonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowością	nieżelbetonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowości	nieżelbetonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowości	nieżelbetonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowości	nieżelbetonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowości	nieżelbetonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowości	nieżelbetonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowościom	nieżelbetonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowość	nieżelbetonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowość	nieżelbetonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetonowa	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelbetonową	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelbetonową	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelbetonowego	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelbetonowego	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowej	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelbetonowej	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelbetonowej	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelbetonowemu	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowe	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowe	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowe	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelbetonowe	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelbetonowi	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelbetonowych	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelbetonowych	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowych	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowymi	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowym	nieżelbetonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowym	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowym	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetonowy	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelbetonowy	nieżelbetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelbetowościach	nieżelbetowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowościami	nieżelbetowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowością	nieżelbetowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowości	nieżelbetowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowości	nieżelbetowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowości	nieżelbetowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowości	nieżelbetowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowości	nieżelbetowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowościom	nieżelbetowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowość	nieżelbetowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowość	nieżelbetowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelbetowa	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelbetową	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelbetową	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelbetowego	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelbetowego	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetowej	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelbetowej	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelbetowej	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelbetowemu	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetowe	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetowe	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetowe	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelbetowe	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelbetowi	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelbetowych	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelbetowych	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetowych	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetowymi	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetowym	nieżelbetowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelbetowym	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetowym	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelbetowy	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelbetowy	nieżelbetowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelechlineccy	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelechlinecka	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelechlinecką	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelechlinecką	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelechlineckich	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelechlineckich	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckich	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckiego	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelechlineckiego	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckiej	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelechlineckiej	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelechlineckiej	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelechlineckiemu	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckie	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckie	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckie	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelechlineckie	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelechlineckimi	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckim	nieżelechlinecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckim	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechlineckim	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechlinecki	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelechlinecki	nieżelechlinecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelechlinecko	nieżelechlinecki	adja		
nieżelechlinecku	nieżelechlinecki	adjp:dat		
nieżelechowscy	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelechowska	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelechowską	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelechowską	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelechowskich	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelechowskich	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechowskich	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechowskiego	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelechowskiego	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechowskiej	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelechowskiej	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelechowskiej	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelechowskiemu	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechowskie	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechowskie	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechowskie	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelechowskie	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelechowskimi	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechowskim	nieżelechowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelechowskim	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechowskim	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelechowski	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelechowski	nieżelechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelechowsko	nieżelechowsko	adv:pos		
nieżelechowskościach	nieżelechowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskościami	nieżelechowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskością	nieżelechowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskości	nieżelechowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskości	nieżelechowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskości	nieżelechowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskości	nieżelechowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskości	nieżelechowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskościom	nieżelechowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskość	nieżelechowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelechowskość	nieżelechowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistościach	nieżelezistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistościami	nieżelezistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistością	nieżelezistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistości	nieżelezistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistości	nieżelezistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistości	nieżelezistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistości	nieżelezistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistości	nieżelezistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistościom	nieżelezistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistość	nieżelezistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezistość	nieżelezistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelezista	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelezistą	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelezistą	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelezistego	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelezistego	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelezistej	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelezistej	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelezistej	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelezistemu	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeleziste	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeleziste	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeleziste	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeleziste	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelezistych	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelezistych	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelezistych	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelezistymi	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelezistym	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelezistym	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelezistym	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelezisty	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelezisty	nieżelezisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeleziści	nieżelezisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeliwiakowościach	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowościami	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowością	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowości	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowości	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowości	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowości	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowości	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowościom	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowość	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowość	nieżeliwiakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwiakowa	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeliwiakową	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeliwiakową	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeliwiakowego	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeliwiakowego	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowej	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeliwiakowej	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeliwiakowej	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeliwiakowemu	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowe	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowe	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowe	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowe	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowi	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeliwiakowych	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeliwiakowych	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowych	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowymi	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowym	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowym	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowym	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwiakowy	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeliwiakowy	nieżeliwiakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeliwnościach	nieżeliwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwnościami	nieżeliwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwnością	nieżeliwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwności	nieżeliwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwności	nieżeliwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwności	nieżeliwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwności	nieżeliwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwności	nieżeliwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwnościom	nieżeliwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwność	nieżeliwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwność	nieżeliwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeliwna	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeliwną	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeliwną	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeliwnego	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeliwnego	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwnej	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeliwnej	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeliwnej	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeliwnemu	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwne	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwne	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwne	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeliwne	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeliwni	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeliwnych	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeliwnych	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwnych	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwnymi	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwnym	nieżeliwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeliwnym	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwnym	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeliwny	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeliwny	nieżeliwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżelowościach	nieżelowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowościami	nieżelowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowością	nieżelowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowości	nieżelowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowości	nieżelowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowości	nieżelowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowości	nieżelowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowości	nieżelowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowościom	nieżelowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowość	nieżelowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowość	nieżelowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżelowa	nieżelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżelową	nieżelowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżelową	nieżelowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżelowego	nieżelowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżelowego	nieżelowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelowej	nieżelowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżelowej	nieżelowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżelowej	nieżelowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżelowemu	nieżelowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelowe	nieżelowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelowe	nieżelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelowe	nieżelowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżelowe	nieżelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżelowi	nieżelowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżelowych	nieżelowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżelowych	nieżelowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelowych	nieżelowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelowymi	nieżelowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelowym	nieżelowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżelowym	nieżelowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelowym	nieżelowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżelowy	nieżelowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżelowy	nieżelowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeniatościach	nieżeniatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatościami	nieżeniatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatością	nieżeniatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatości	nieżeniatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatości	nieżeniatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatości	nieżeniatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatości	nieżeniatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatości	nieżeniatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatościom	nieżeniatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatość	nieżeniatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniatość	nieżeniatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeniaci	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeniata	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeniatą	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeniatą	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeniatego	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeniatego	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeniatej	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeniatej	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeniatej	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeniatemu	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeniate	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeniate	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeniate	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeniate	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeniatych	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeniatych	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeniatych	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeniatymi	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeniatym	nieżeniaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeniatym	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeniatym	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeniaty	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeniaty	nieżeniaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżennościach	nieżenność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżennościami	nieżenność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżennością	nieżenność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenności	nieżenność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenności	nieżenność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenności	nieżenność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenności	nieżenność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenności	nieżenność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżennościom	nieżenność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenność	nieżenność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenność	nieżenność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	przest.
nieżenna	nieżenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		przest.
nieżenną	nieżenny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		przest.
nieżenną	nieżenny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		przest.
nieżennego	nieżenny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		przest.
nieżennego	nieżenny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nieżennej	nieżenny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		przest.
nieżennej	nieżenny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		przest.
nieżennej	nieżenny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		przest.
nieżennemu	nieżenny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nieżenne	nieżenny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nieżenne	nieżenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nieżenne	nieżenny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		przest.
nieżenne	nieżenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		przest.
nieżenni	nieżenny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		przest.
nieżenno	nieżenny	adja		przest.
nieżennych	nieżenny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		przest.
nieżennych	nieżenny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nieżennych	nieżenny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nieżennymi	nieżenny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nieżennym	nieżenny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		przest.
nieżennym	nieżenny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nieżennym	nieżenny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		przest.
nieżenny	nieżenny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		przest.
nieżenny	nieżenny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		przest.
nieżenująco	nieżenująco	adv:pos		
nieżenująca	nieżenujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżenującą	nieżenujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżenującą	nieżenujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżenującego	nieżenujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżenującego	nieżenujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżenującej	nieżenujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżenującej	nieżenujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżenującej	nieżenujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżenującemu	nieżenujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżenujące	nieżenujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżenujące	nieżenujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżenujące	nieżenujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżenujące	nieżenujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżenujących	nieżenujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżenujących	nieżenujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżenujących	nieżenujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżenującymi	nieżenujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżenującym	nieżenujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżenującym	nieżenujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżenującym	nieżenujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżenujący	nieżenujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżenujący	nieżenujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżenujący	nieżenujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeńczościach	nieżeńczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczościami	nieżeńczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczością	nieżeńczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczości	nieżeńczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczości	nieżeńczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczości	nieżeńczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczości	nieżeńczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczości	nieżeńczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczościom	nieżeńczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczość	nieżeńczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńczość	nieżeńczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńcza	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeńczą	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeńczą	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeńczego	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeńczego	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńczej	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeńczej	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeńczej	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeńczemu	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńcze	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńcze	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńcze	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeńcze	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeńczych	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeńczych	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńczych	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńczymi	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńczym	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńczym	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńczym	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńczy	nieżeńczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeńczy	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeńczy	nieżeńczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeńscy	nieżeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeńska	nieżeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeńską	nieżeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeńską	nieżeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeńskich	nieżeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeńskich	nieżeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńskich	nieżeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńskiego	nieżeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeńskiego	nieżeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńskiej	nieżeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeńskiej	nieżeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeńskiej	nieżeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeńskiemu	nieżeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńskie	nieżeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńskie	nieżeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńskie	nieżeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeńskie	nieżeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeńskimi	nieżeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńskim	nieżeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńskim	nieżeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńskim	nieżeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeński	nieżeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeński	nieżeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżeńsko	nieżeńsko	adv:pos		
nieżeńskościach	nieżeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskościami	nieżeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskością	nieżeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskości	nieżeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskości	nieżeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskości	nieżeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskości	nieżeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskości	nieżeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskościom	nieżeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskość	nieżeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńskość	nieżeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowościach	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowościami	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowością	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowości	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowości	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowości	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowości	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowości	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowościom	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowość	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowość	nieżeńszeniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżeńszeniowa	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżeńszeniową	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżeńszeniową	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżeńszeniowego	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżeńszeniowego	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowej	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżeńszeniowej	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżeńszeniowej	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżeńszeniowemu	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowe	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowe	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowe	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowe	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowi	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżeńszeniowych	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżeńszeniowych	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowych	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowymi	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowym	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowym	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowym	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżeńszeniowy	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżeńszeniowy	nieżeńszeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżerańscy	nieżerański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżerańska	nieżerański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżerańską	nieżerański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżerańską	nieżerański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżerańskich	nieżerański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżerańskich	nieżerański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerańskich	nieżerański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerańskiego	nieżerański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżerańskiego	nieżerański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerańskiej	nieżerański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżerańskiej	nieżerański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżerańskiej	nieżerański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżerańskiemu	nieżerański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerańskie	nieżerański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerańskie	nieżerański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerańskie	nieżerański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżerańskie	nieżerański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżerańskimi	nieżerański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerańskim	nieżerański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerańskim	nieżerański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerańskim	nieżerański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerański	nieżerański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżerański	nieżerański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżerańsko	nieżerańsko	adv:pos		
nieżerańskościach	nieżerańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskościami	nieżerańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskością	nieżerańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskości	nieżerańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskości	nieżerańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskości	nieżerańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskości	nieżerańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskości	nieżerańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskościom	nieżerańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskość	nieżerańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerańskość	nieżerańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianościach	nieżerdzianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianościami	nieżerdzianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianością	nieżerdzianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianości	nieżerdzianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianości	nieżerdzianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianości	nieżerdzianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianości	nieżerdzianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianości	nieżerdzianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianościom	nieżerdzianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianość	nieżerdzianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdzianość	nieżerdzianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziana	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżerdzianą	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżerdzianą	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżerdzianego	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżerdzianego	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdzianej	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżerdzianej	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżerdzianej	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżerdzianemu	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdziane	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziane	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziane	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżerdziane	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżerdziani	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżerdzianych	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżerdzianych	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdzianych	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdzianymi	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdzianym	nieżerdziany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdzianym	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdzianym	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdziany	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżerdziany	nieżerdziany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżerdziowościach	nieżerdziowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowościami	nieżerdziowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowością	nieżerdziowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowości	nieżerdziowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowości	nieżerdziowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowości	nieżerdziowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowości	nieżerdziowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowości	nieżerdziowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowościom	nieżerdziowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowość	nieżerdziowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowość	nieżerdziowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerdziowa	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżerdziową	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżerdziową	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżerdziowego	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżerdziowego	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdziowej	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżerdziowej	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżerdziowej	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżerdziowemu	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdziowe	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziowe	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziowe	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżerdziowe	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżerdziowi	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżerdziowych	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżerdziowych	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziowych	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziowymi	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziowym	nieżerdziowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerdziowym	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdziowym	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerdziowy	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżerdziowy	nieżerdziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżerkowscy	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżerkowska	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżerkowską	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżerkowską	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżerkowskich	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżerkowskich	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerkowskich	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerkowskiego	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżerkowskiego	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerkowskiej	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżerkowskiej	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżerkowskiej	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżerkowskiemu	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerkowskie	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerkowskie	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerkowskie	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżerkowskie	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżerkowskimi	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerkowskim	nieżerkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerkowskim	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerkowskim	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerkowski	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżerkowski	nieżerkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżerkowsko	nieżerkowsko	adv:pos		
nieżerkowskościach	nieżerkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskościami	nieżerkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskością	nieżerkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskości	nieżerkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskości	nieżerkowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskości	nieżerkowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskości	nieżerkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskości	nieżerkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskościom	nieżerkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskość	nieżerkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerkowskość	nieżerkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżernościach	nieżerność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżernościami	nieżerność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżernością	nieżerność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerności	nieżerność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerności	nieżerność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerności	nieżerność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerności	nieżerność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerności	nieżerność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżernościom	nieżerność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerność	nieżerność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerność	nieżerność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerna	nieżerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżerną	nieżerny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżerną	nieżerny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżernego	nieżerny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżernego	nieżerny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżernej	nieżerny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżernej	nieżerny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżernej	nieżerny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżernemu	nieżerny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerne	nieżerny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerne	nieżerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerne	nieżerny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżerne	nieżerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżerni	nieżerny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżernych	nieżerny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżernych	nieżerny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżernych	nieżerny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżernymi	nieżerny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżernym	nieżerny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżernym	nieżerny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżernym	nieżerny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerny	nieżerny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżerny	nieżerny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżerowościach	nieżerowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowościami	nieżerowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowością	nieżerowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowości	nieżerowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowości	nieżerowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowości	nieżerowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowości	nieżerowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowości	nieżerowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowościom	nieżerowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowość	nieżerowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowość	nieżerowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerowa	nieżerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżerową	nieżerowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżerową	nieżerowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżerowego	nieżerowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżerowego	nieżerowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerowej	nieżerowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżerowej	nieżerowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżerowej	nieżerowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżerowemu	nieżerowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerowe	nieżerowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerowe	nieżerowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerowe	nieżerowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżerowe	nieżerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżerowi	nieżerowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżerowych	nieżerowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżerowych	nieżerowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerowych	nieżerowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerowymi	nieżerowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerowym	nieżerowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerowym	nieżerowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerowym	nieżerowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerowy	nieżerowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżerowy	nieżerowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżertościach	nieżertość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertościami	nieżertość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertością	nieżertość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertości	nieżertość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertości	nieżertość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertości	nieżertość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertości	nieżertość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertości	nieżertość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertościom	nieżertość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertość	nieżertość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżertość	nieżertość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżerci	nieżerty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżerta	nieżerty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżertą	nieżerty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżertą	nieżerty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżertego	nieżerty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżertego	nieżerty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżertej	nieżerty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżertej	nieżerty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżertej	nieżerty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżertemu	nieżerty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerte	nieżerty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerte	nieżerty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżerte	nieżerty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżerte	nieżerty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżertych	nieżerty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżertych	nieżerty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżertych	nieżerty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżertymi	nieżerty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżertym	nieżerty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżertym	nieżerty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżertym	nieżerty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżerty	nieżerty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżerty	nieżerty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżętycznościach	nieżętyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętycznościami	nieżętyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętycznością	nieżętyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczności	nieżętyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczności	nieżętyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczności	nieżętyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczności	nieżętyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczności	nieżętyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętycznościom	nieżętyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczność	nieżętyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczność	nieżętyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżętyczna	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżętyczną	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżętyczną	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżętycznego	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżętycznego	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżętycznej	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżętycznej	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżętycznej	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżętycznemu	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżętyczne	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżętyczne	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżętyczne	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżętyczne	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżętyczni	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżętycznych	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżętycznych	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżętycznych	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżętycznymi	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżętycznym	nieżętyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżętycznym	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżętycznym	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżętyczny	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżętyczny	nieżętyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżlebnościach	nieżlebność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebnościami	nieżlebność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebnością	nieżlebność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebności	nieżlebność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebności	nieżlebność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebności	nieżlebność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebności	nieżlebność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebności	nieżlebność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebnościom	nieżlebność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebność	nieżlebność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebność	nieżlebność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebna	nieżlebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżlebną	nieżlebny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżlebną	nieżlebny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżlebnego	nieżlebny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżlebnego	nieżlebny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebnej	nieżlebny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżlebnej	nieżlebny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżlebnej	nieżlebny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżlebnemu	nieżlebny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebne	nieżlebny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebne	nieżlebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebne	nieżlebny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżlebne	nieżlebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżlebni	nieżlebny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżlebnych	nieżlebny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżlebnych	nieżlebny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebnych	nieżlebny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebnymi	nieżlebny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebnym	nieżlebny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebnym	nieżlebny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebnym	nieżlebny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebny	nieżlebny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżlebny	nieżlebny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżlebowościach	nieżlebowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowościami	nieżlebowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowością	nieżlebowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowości	nieżlebowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowości	nieżlebowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowości	nieżlebowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowości	nieżlebowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowości	nieżlebowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowościom	nieżlebowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowość	nieżlebowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowość	nieżlebowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżlebowa	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżlebową	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżlebową	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżlebowego	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżlebowego	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebowej	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżlebowej	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżlebowej	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżlebowemu	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebowe	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebowe	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebowe	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżlebowe	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżlebowi	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżlebowych	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżlebowych	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebowych	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebowymi	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebowym	nieżlebowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżlebowym	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebowym	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżlebowy	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżlebowy	nieżlebowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżłobkowatościach	nieżłobkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatościami	nieżłobkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatością	nieżłobkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatości	nieżłobkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatości	nieżłobkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatości	nieżłobkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatości	nieżłobkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatości	nieżłobkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatościom	nieżłobkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatość	nieżłobkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowatość	nieżłobkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowaci	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżłobkowata	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżłobkowatą	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżłobkowatą	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżłobkowatego	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżłobkowatego	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowatej	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżłobkowatej	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżłobkowatej	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżłobkowatemu	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowate	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowate	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowate	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżłobkowate	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżłobkowatych	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżłobkowatych	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowatych	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowatymi	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowatym	nieżłobkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowatym	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowatym	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowaty	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżłobkowaty	nieżłobkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżłobkowościach	nieżłobkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowościami	nieżłobkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowością	nieżłobkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowości	nieżłobkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowości	nieżłobkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowości	nieżłobkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowości	nieżłobkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowości	nieżłobkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowościom	nieżłobkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowość	nieżłobkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowość	nieżłobkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżłobkowa	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżłobkową	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżłobkową	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżłobkowego	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżłobkowego	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowej	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżłobkowej	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżłobkowej	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżłobkowemu	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowe	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowe	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowe	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżłobkowe	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżłobkowi	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżłobkowych	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżłobkowych	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowych	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowymi	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowym	nieżłobkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżłobkowym	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowym	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżłobkowy	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżłobkowy	nieżłobkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmigrodzcy	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmigrodzka	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmigrodzką	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmigrodzką	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmigrodzkich	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmigrodzkich	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkich	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkiego	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmigrodzkiego	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkiej	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmigrodzkiej	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmigrodzkiej	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmigrodzkiemu	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkie	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkie	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkie	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkie	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkimi	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkim	nieżmigrodzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkim	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzkim	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmigrodzki	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmigrodzki	nieżmigrodzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmigrodzko	nieżmigrodzki	adja		
nieżmigrodzku	nieżmigrodzki	adjp:dat		
nieżmiich	nieżmii	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmiich	nieżmii	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmiich	nieżmii	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmiimi	nieżmii	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmiim	nieżmii	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmiim	nieżmii	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmiim	nieżmii	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmii	nieżmii	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmii	nieżmii	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmii	nieżmii	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmija	nieżmii	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmiją	nieżmii	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmiją	nieżmii	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmijego	nieżmii	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmijego	nieżmii	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijej	nieżmii	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmijej	nieżmii	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmijej	nieżmii	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmijemu	nieżmii	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmije	nieżmii	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmije	nieżmii	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmije	nieżmii	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmije	nieżmii	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmijkowatościach	nieżmijkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatościami	nieżmijkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatością	nieżmijkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatości	nieżmijkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatości	nieżmijkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatości	nieżmijkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatości	nieżmijkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatości	nieżmijkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatościom	nieżmijkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatość	nieżmijkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowatość	nieżmijkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijkowaci	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmijkowata	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmijkowatą	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmijkowatą	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmijkowatego	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmijkowatego	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijkowatej	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmijkowatej	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmijkowatej	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmijkowatemu	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijkowate	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijkowate	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijkowate	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmijkowate	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmijkowatych	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmijkowatych	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijkowatych	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijkowatymi	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijkowatym	nieżmijkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijkowatym	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijkowatym	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijkowaty	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmijkowaty	nieżmijkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmijnościach	nieżmijność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijnościami	nieżmijność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijnością	nieżmijność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijności	nieżmijność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijności	nieżmijność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijności	nieżmijność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijności	nieżmijność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijności	nieżmijność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijnościom	nieżmijność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijność	nieżmijność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijność	nieżmijność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijna	nieżmijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmijną	nieżmijny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmijną	nieżmijny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmijnego	nieżmijny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmijnego	nieżmijny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijnej	nieżmijny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmijnej	nieżmijny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmijnej	nieżmijny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmijnemu	nieżmijny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijne	nieżmijny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijne	nieżmijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijne	nieżmijny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmijne	nieżmijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmijni	nieżmijny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmijnych	nieżmijny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmijnych	nieżmijny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijnych	nieżmijny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijnymi	nieżmijny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijnym	nieżmijny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijnym	nieżmijny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijnym	nieżmijny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijny	nieżmijny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmijny	nieżmijny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmijościach	nieżmijość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijościami	nieżmijość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijością	nieżmijość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijości	nieżmijość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijości	nieżmijość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijości	nieżmijość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijości	nieżmijość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijości	nieżmijość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijościom	nieżmijość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijość	nieżmijość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijość	nieżmijość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatościach	nieżmijowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatościami	nieżmijowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatością	nieżmijowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatości	nieżmijowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatości	nieżmijowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatości	nieżmijowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatości	nieżmijowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatości	nieżmijowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatościom	nieżmijowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatość	nieżmijowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowatość	nieżmijowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowaci	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmijowata	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmijowatą	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmijowatą	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmijowatego	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmijowatego	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowatej	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmijowatej	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmijowatej	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmijowatemu	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowate	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowate	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowate	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmijowate	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmijowatych	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmijowatych	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowatych	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowatymi	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowatym	nieżmijowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowatym	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowatym	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowaty	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmijowaty	nieżmijowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmijowościach	nieżmijowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowościami	nieżmijowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowością	nieżmijowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowości	nieżmijowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowości	nieżmijowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowości	nieżmijowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowości	nieżmijowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowości	nieżmijowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowościom	nieżmijowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowość	nieżmijowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowość	nieżmijowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmijowa	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmijową	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmijową	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmijowego	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmijowego	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowej	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmijowej	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmijowej	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmijowemu	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowe	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowe	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowe	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmijowe	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmijowi	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmijowych	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmijowych	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowych	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowymi	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowym	nieżmijowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmijowym	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowym	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmijowy	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmijowy	nieżmijowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmudnie	nieżmudnie	adv:pos		
nieżmudno	nieżmudno	adv:pos		
nieżmudnościach	nieżmudność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudnościami	nieżmudność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudnością	nieżmudność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudności	nieżmudność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudności	nieżmudność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudności	nieżmudność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudności	nieżmudność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudności	nieżmudność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudnościom	nieżmudność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudność	nieżmudność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudność	nieżmudność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudna	nieżmudny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmudną	nieżmudny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmudną	nieżmudny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmudnego	nieżmudny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmudnego	nieżmudny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudnej	nieżmudny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmudnej	nieżmudny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmudnej	nieżmudny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmudnemu	nieżmudny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudne	nieżmudny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudne	nieżmudny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudne	nieżmudny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmudne	nieżmudny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmudni	nieżmudny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmudnych	nieżmudny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmudnych	nieżmudny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudnych	nieżmudny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudnymi	nieżmudny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudnym	nieżmudny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudnym	nieżmudny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudnym	nieżmudny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudny	nieżmudny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmudny	nieżmudny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmudzcy	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżmudzka	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżmudzką	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżmudzką	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżmudzkich	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżmudzkich	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudzkich	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudzkiego	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżmudzkiego	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudzkiej	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżmudzkiej	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżmudzkiej	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżmudzkiemu	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudzkie	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudzkie	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudzkie	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżmudzkie	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżmudzkimi	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudzkim	nieżmudzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżmudzkim	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudzkim	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżmudzki	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżmudzki	nieżmudzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżmudzko	nieżmudzko	adv:pos		
nieżmudzkościach	nieżmudzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkościami	nieżmudzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkością	nieżmudzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkości	nieżmudzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkości	nieżmudzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkości	nieżmudzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkości	nieżmudzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkości	nieżmudzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkościom	nieżmudzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkość	nieżmudzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżmudzkość	nieżmudzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińscy	nieżniński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżnińska	nieżniński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżnińską	nieżniński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżnińską	nieżniński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżnińskich	nieżniński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżnińskich	nieżniński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżnińskich	nieżniński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżnińskiego	nieżniński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżnińskiego	nieżniński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżnińskiej	nieżniński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżnińskiej	nieżniński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżnińskiej	nieżniński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżnińskiemu	nieżniński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżnińskie	nieżniński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżnińskie	nieżniński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżnińskie	nieżniński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżnińskie	nieżniński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżnińskimi	nieżniński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżnińskim	nieżniński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżnińskim	nieżniński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżnińskim	nieżniński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniński	nieżniński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżniński	nieżniński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżnińsko	nieżnińsko	adv:pos		
nieżnińskościach	nieżnińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskościami	nieżnińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskością	nieżnińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskości	nieżnińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskości	nieżnińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskości	nieżnińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskości	nieżnińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskości	nieżnińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskościom	nieżnińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskość	nieżnińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżnińskość	nieżnińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowościach	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowościami	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowością	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowości	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowości	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowości	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowości	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowości	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowościom	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowość	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowość	nieżniwiarkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarkowa	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżniwiarkową	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżniwiarkową	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżniwiarkowego	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżniwiarkowego	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowej	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżniwiarkowej	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżniwiarkowej	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżniwiarkowemu	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowe	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowe	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowe	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowe	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowi	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżniwiarkowych	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżniwiarkowych	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowych	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowymi	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowym	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowym	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowym	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarkowy	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżniwiarkowy	nieżniwiarkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżniwiarscy	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżniwiarska	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżniwiarską	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżniwiarską	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżniwiarskich	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżniwiarskich	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskich	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskiego	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżniwiarskiego	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskiej	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżniwiarskiej	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżniwiarskiej	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżniwiarskiemu	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskie	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskie	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskie	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżniwiarskie	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżniwiarskimi	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskim	nieżniwiarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskim	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarskim	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwiarski	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżniwiarski	nieżniwiarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżniwiarsko	nieżniwiarsko	adv:pos		
nieżniwiarskościach	nieżniwiarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskościami	nieżniwiarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskością	nieżniwiarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskości	nieżniwiarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskości	nieżniwiarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskości	nieżniwiarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskości	nieżniwiarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskości	nieżniwiarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskościom	nieżniwiarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskość	nieżniwiarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwiarskość	nieżniwiarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwnościach	nieżniwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwnościami	nieżniwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwnością	nieżniwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwności	nieżniwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwności	nieżniwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwności	nieżniwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwności	nieżniwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwności	nieżniwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwnościom	nieżniwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwność	nieżniwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwność	nieżniwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwna	nieżniwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżniwną	nieżniwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżniwną	nieżniwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżniwnego	nieżniwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżniwnego	nieżniwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwnej	nieżniwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżniwnej	nieżniwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżniwnej	nieżniwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżniwnemu	nieżniwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwne	nieżniwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwne	nieżniwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwne	nieżniwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżniwne	nieżniwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżniwni	nieżniwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżniwnych	nieżniwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżniwnych	nieżniwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwnych	nieżniwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwnymi	nieżniwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwnym	nieżniwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwnym	nieżniwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwnym	nieżniwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwny	nieżniwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżniwny	nieżniwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżniwowościach	nieżniwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowościami	nieżniwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowością	nieżniwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowości	nieżniwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowości	nieżniwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowości	nieżniwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowości	nieżniwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowości	nieżniwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowościom	nieżniwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowość	nieżniwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowość	nieżniwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżniwowa	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżniwową	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżniwową	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżniwowego	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżniwowego	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwowej	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżniwowej	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżniwowej	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżniwowemu	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwowe	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwowe	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwowe	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżniwowe	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżniwowi	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżniwowych	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżniwowych	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwowych	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwowymi	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwowym	nieżniwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżniwowym	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwowym	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżniwowy	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżniwowy	nieżniwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżoliborscy	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżoliborska	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżoliborską	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżoliborską	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżoliborskich	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżoliborskich	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoliborskich	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoliborskiego	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżoliborskiego	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżoliborskiej	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżoliborskiej	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżoliborskiej	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżoliborskiemu	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżoliborskie	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoliborskie	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoliborskie	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżoliborskie	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżoliborskimi	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoliborskim	nieżoliborski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoliborskim	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżoliborskim	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżoliborski	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżoliborski	nieżoliborski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżoliborsko	nieżoliborsko	adv:pos		
nieżoliborskościach	nieżoliborskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskościami	nieżoliborskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskością	nieżoliborskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskości	nieżoliborskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskości	nieżoliborskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskości	nieżoliborskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskości	nieżoliborskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskości	nieżoliborskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskościom	nieżoliborskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskość	nieżoliborskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoliborskość	nieżoliborskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowościach	nieżołądkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowościami	nieżołądkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowością	nieżołądkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowości	nieżołądkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowości	nieżołądkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowości	nieżołądkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowości	nieżołądkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowości	nieżołądkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowościom	nieżołądkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowość	nieżołądkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowość	nieżołądkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołądkowa	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołądkową	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołądkową	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołądkowego	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołądkowego	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołądkowej	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołądkowej	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołądkowej	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołądkowemu	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołądkowe	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołądkowe	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołądkowe	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołądkowe	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołądkowi	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołądkowych	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołądkowych	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołądkowych	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołądkowymi	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołądkowym	nieżołądkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołądkowym	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołądkowym	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołądkowy	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołądkowy	nieżołądkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołdaccy	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołdacka	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołdacką	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołdacką	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołdackich	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołdackich	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdackich	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdackiego	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołdackiego	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdackiej	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołdackiej	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołdackiej	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołdackiemu	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdackie	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdackie	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdackie	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołdackie	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołdackimi	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdackim	nieżołdacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdackim	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdackim	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdacki	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołdacki	nieżołdacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołdacko	nieżołdacko	adv:pos		
nieżołdackościach	nieżołdackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackościami	nieżołdackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackością	nieżołdackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackości	nieżołdackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackości	nieżołdackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackości	nieżołdackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackości	nieżołdackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackości	nieżołdackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackościom	nieżołdackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackość	nieżołdackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdackość	nieżołdackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdownościach	nieżołdowność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdownościami	nieżołdowność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdownością	nieżołdowność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowności	nieżołdowność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowności	nieżołdowność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowności	nieżołdowność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowności	nieżołdowność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowności	nieżołdowność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdownościom	nieżołdowność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowność	nieżołdowność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowność	nieżołdowność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowna	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołdowną	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołdowną	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołdownego	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołdownego	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdownej	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołdownej	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołdownej	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołdownemu	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdowne	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowne	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowne	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołdowne	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołdowni	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołdownych	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołdownych	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdownych	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdownymi	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdownym	nieżołdowny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdownym	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdownym	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdowny	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołdowny	nieżołdowny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołdowościach	nieżołdowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowościami	nieżołdowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowością	nieżołdowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowości	nieżołdowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowości	nieżołdowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowości	nieżołdowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowości	nieżołdowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowości	nieżołdowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowościom	nieżołdowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowość	nieżołdowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowość	nieżołdowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołdowa	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołdową	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołdową	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołdowego	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołdowego	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdowej	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołdowej	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołdowej	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołdowemu	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdowe	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowe	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowe	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołdowe	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołdowi	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołdowych	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołdowych	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowych	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowymi	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowym	nieżołdowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołdowym	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdowym	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołdowy	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołdowy	nieżołdowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołędnościach	nieżołędność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędnościami	nieżołędność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędnością	nieżołędność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędności	nieżołędność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędności	nieżołędność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędności	nieżołędność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędności	nieżołędność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędności	nieżołędność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędnościom	nieżołędność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędność	nieżołędność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędność	nieżołędność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędna	nieżołędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołędną	nieżołędny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołędną	nieżołędny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołędnego	nieżołędny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołędnego	nieżołędny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędnej	nieżołędny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołędnej	nieżołędny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołędnej	nieżołędny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołędnemu	nieżołędny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędne	nieżołędny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędne	nieżołędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędne	nieżołędny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołędne	nieżołędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołędni	nieżołędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołędnych	nieżołędny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołędnych	nieżołędny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędnych	nieżołędny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędnymi	nieżołędny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędnym	nieżołędny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędnym	nieżołędny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędnym	nieżołędny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędny	nieżołędny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołędny	nieżołędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołędziowościach	nieżołędziowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowościami	nieżołędziowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowością	nieżołędziowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowości	nieżołędziowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowości	nieżołędziowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowości	nieżołędziowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowości	nieżołędziowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowości	nieżołędziowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowościom	nieżołędziowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowość	nieżołędziowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowość	nieżołędziowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołędziowa	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołędziową	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołędziową	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołędziowego	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołędziowego	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędziowej	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołędziowej	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołędziowej	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołędziowemu	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędziowe	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędziowe	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędziowe	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołędziowe	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołędziowi	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołędziowych	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołędziowych	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędziowych	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędziowymi	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędziowym	nieżołędziowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołędziowym	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędziowym	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołędziowy	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołędziowy	nieżołędziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołnierscy	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołnierska	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołnierską	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołnierską	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołnierskich	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołnierskich	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołnierskich	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołnierskiego	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołnierskiego	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołnierskiej	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołnierskiej	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołnierskiej	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołnierskiemu	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołnierskie	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołnierskie	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołnierskie	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołnierskie	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołnierskimi	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołnierskim	nieżołnierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołnierskim	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołnierskim	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołnierski	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołnierski	nieżołnierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołniersko	nieżołniersko	adv:pos		
nieżołnierskościach	nieżołnierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskościami	nieżołnierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskością	nieżołnierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskości	nieżołnierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskości	nieżołnierskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskości	nieżołnierskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskości	nieżołnierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskości	nieżołnierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskościom	nieżołnierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskość	nieżołnierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołnierskość	nieżołnierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńscy	nieżołyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżołyńska	nieżołyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżołyńską	nieżołyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżołyńską	nieżołyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżołyńskich	nieżołyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżołyńskich	nieżołyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołyńskich	nieżołyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołyńskiego	nieżołyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżołyńskiego	nieżołyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołyńskiej	nieżołyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżołyńskiej	nieżołyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżołyńskiej	nieżołyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżołyńskiemu	nieżołyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołyńskie	nieżołyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołyńskie	nieżołyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołyńskie	nieżołyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżołyńskie	nieżołyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżołyńskimi	nieżołyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołyńskim	nieżołyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżołyńskim	nieżołyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołyńskim	nieżołyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżołyński	nieżołyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżołyński	nieżołyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżołyńsko	nieżołyńsko	adv:pos		
nieżołyńskościach	nieżołyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskościami	nieżołyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskością	nieżołyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskości	nieżołyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskości	nieżołyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskości	nieżołyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskości	nieżołyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskości	nieżołyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskościom	nieżołyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskość	nieżołyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżołyńskość	nieżołyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatościach	nieżonatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatościami	nieżonatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatością	nieżonatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatości	nieżonatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatości	nieżonatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatości	nieżonatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatości	nieżonatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatości	nieżonatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatościom	nieżonatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatość	nieżonatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatość	nieżonatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonaci	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżonata	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżonatą	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżonatą	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżonatego	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżonatego	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonatej	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżonatej	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżonatej	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżonatemu	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonate	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonate	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonate	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżonate	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżonatych	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżonatych	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonatych	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonatymi	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonatym	nieżonaty:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonatym	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonatym	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonaty	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżonaty	nieżonaty:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżonaci	nieżonaty:s	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatego	nieżonaty:s	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatemu	nieżonaty:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonate	nieżonaty:s	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatych	nieżonaty:s	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatych	nieżonaty:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatymi	nieżonaty:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatym	nieżonaty:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatym	nieżonaty:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonatym	nieżonaty:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonaty	nieżonaty:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonaty	nieżonaty:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerscy	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżonglerska	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżonglerską	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżonglerską	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżonglerskich	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżonglerskich	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonglerskich	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonglerskiego	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżonglerskiego	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonglerskiej	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżonglerskiej	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżonglerskiej	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżonglerskiemu	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonglerskie	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonglerskie	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonglerskie	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżonglerskie	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżonglerskimi	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonglerskim	nieżonglerski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonglerskim	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonglerskim	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonglerski	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżonglerski	nieżonglerski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżonglersko	nieżonglersko	adv:pos		
nieżonglerskościach	nieżonglerskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskościami	nieżonglerskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskością	nieżonglerskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskości	nieżonglerskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskości	nieżonglerskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskości	nieżonglerskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskości	nieżonglerskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskości	nieżonglerskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskościom	nieżonglerskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskość	nieżonglerskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonglerskość	nieżonglerskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoninościach	nieżoniność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoninościami	nieżoniność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoninością	nieżoniność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoniności	nieżoniność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoniności	nieżoniność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoniności	nieżoniność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoniności	nieżoniność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoniności	nieżoniność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoninościom	nieżoniność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoniność	nieżoniność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżoniność	nieżoniność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżonina	nieżoniny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżoniną	nieżoniny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżoniną	nieżoniny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżoninego	nieżoniny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżoninego	nieżoniny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżoninej	nieżoniny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżoninej	nieżoniny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżoninej	nieżoniny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżoninemu	nieżoniny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżonine	nieżoniny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonine	nieżoniny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżonine	nieżoniny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżonine	nieżoniny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżonini	nieżoniny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżonin	nieżoniny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżonin	nieżoniny	adj:sg:nom:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżoninych	nieżoniny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżoninych	nieżoniny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoninych	nieżoniny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoninymi	nieżoniny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoninym	nieżoniny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżoninym	nieżoniny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżoninym	nieżoniny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżoniny	nieżoniny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżoniny	nieżoniny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżorscy	nieżorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżorska	nieżorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżorską	nieżorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżorską	nieżorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżorskich	nieżorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżorskich	nieżorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżorskich	nieżorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżorskiego	nieżorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżorskiego	nieżorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżorskiej	nieżorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżorskiej	nieżorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżorskiej	nieżorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżorskiemu	nieżorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżorskie	nieżorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżorskie	nieżorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżorskie	nieżorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżorskie	nieżorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżorskimi	nieżorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżorskim	nieżorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżorskim	nieżorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżorskim	nieżorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżorski	nieżorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżorski	nieżorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżorsko	nieżorsko	adv:pos		
nieżorskościach	nieżorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskościami	nieżorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskością	nieżorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskości	nieżorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskości	nieżorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskości	nieżorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskości	nieżorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskości	nieżorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskościom	nieżorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskość	nieżorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżorskość	nieżorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianościach	nieżółcianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianościami	nieżółcianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianością	nieżółcianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianości	nieżółcianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianości	nieżółcianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianości	nieżółcianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianości	nieżółcianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianości	nieżółcianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianościom	nieżółcianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianość	nieżółcianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcianość	nieżółcianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciana	nieżółciany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółcianą	nieżółciany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółcianą	nieżółciany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółcianego	nieżółciany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółcianego	nieżółciany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółcianej	nieżółciany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółcianej	nieżółciany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółcianej	nieżółciany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółcianemu	nieżółciany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciane	nieżółciany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciane	nieżółciany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciane	nieżółciany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółciane	nieżółciany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółciani	nieżółciany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółcianych	nieżółciany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółcianych	nieżółciany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcianych	nieżółciany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcianymi	nieżółciany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcianym	nieżółciany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcianym	nieżółciany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółcianym	nieżółciany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciany	nieżółciany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółciany	nieżółciany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółciopędnościach	nieżółciopędność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędnościami	nieżółciopędność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędnością	nieżółciopędność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędności	nieżółciopędność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędności	nieżółciopędność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędności	nieżółciopędność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędności	nieżółciopędność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędności	nieżółciopędność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędnościom	nieżółciopędność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędność	nieżółciopędność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędność	nieżółciopędność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciopędna	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółciopędną	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółciopędną	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółciopędnego	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółciopędnego	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciopędnej	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółciopędnej	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółciopędnej	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółciopędnemu	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciopędne	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciopędne	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciopędne	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółciopędne	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółciopędni	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółciopędnych	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółciopędnych	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciopędnych	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciopędnymi	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciopędnym	nieżółciopędny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciopędnym	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciopędnym	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciopędny	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółciopędny	nieżółciopędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółciotwórczo	nieżółciotwórczo	adv:pos		
nieżółciotwórczościach	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczościami	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczością	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczości	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczości	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczości	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczości	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczości	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczościom	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczość	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórczość	nieżółciotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciotwórcza	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółciotwórczą	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółciotwórczą	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółciotwórczego	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółciotwórczego	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczej	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółciotwórczej	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółciotwórczej	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółciotwórczemu	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórcze	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórcze	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórcze	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółciotwórcze	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczych	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółciotwórczych	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczych	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczymi	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczym	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczym	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczym	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciotwórczy	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółciotwórczy	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółciotwórczy	nieżółciotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółciowo	nieżółciowo	adv:pos		
nieżółciowościach	nieżółciowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowościami	nieżółciowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowością	nieżółciowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowości	nieżółciowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowości	nieżółciowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowości	nieżółciowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowości	nieżółciowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowości	nieżółciowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowościom	nieżółciowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowość	nieżółciowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowość	nieżółciowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciowa	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółciową	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółciową	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółciowego	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółciowego	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciowej	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółciowej	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółciowej	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółciowemu	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciowe	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciowe	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciowe	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółciowe	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółciowi	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółciowych	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółciowych	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciowych	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciowymi	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciowym	nieżółciowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciowym	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciowym	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciowy	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółciowy	nieżółciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółcistościach	nieżółcistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistościami	nieżółcistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistością	nieżółcistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistości	nieżółcistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistości	nieżółcistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistości	nieżółcistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistości	nieżółcistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistości	nieżółcistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistościom	nieżółcistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistość	nieżółcistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcistość	nieżółcistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółcista	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółcistą	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółcistą	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółcistego	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółcistego	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółcistej	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółcistej	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółcistej	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółcistemu	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciste	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciste	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciste	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółciste	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółcistych	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółcistych	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcistych	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcistymi	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcistym	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółcistym	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółcistym	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółcisty	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółcisty	nieżółcisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółciści	nieżółcisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółciuchnościach	nieżółciuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchnościami	nieżółciuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchnością	nieżółciuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchności	nieżółciuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchności	nieżółciuchność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchności	nieżółciuchność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchności	nieżółciuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchności	nieżółciuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchnościom	nieżółciuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchność	nieżółciuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchność	nieżółciuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciuchna	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółciuchną	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółciuchną	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółciuchnego	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółciuchnego	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciuchnej	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółciuchnej	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółciuchnej	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółciuchnemu	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciuchne	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciuchne	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciuchne	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółciuchne	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółciuchni	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółciuchnych	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółciuchnych	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciuchnych	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciuchnymi	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciuchnym	nieżółciuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciuchnym	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciuchnym	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciuchny	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółciuchny	nieżółciuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółciutcy	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółciutka	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółciutką	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółciutką	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółciutkich	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółciutkich	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciutkich	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciutkiego	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółciutkiego	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciutkiej	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółciutkiej	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółciutkiej	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółciutkiemu	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciutkie	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciutkie	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciutkie	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółciutkie	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółciutkimi	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciutkim	nieżółciutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółciutkim	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciutkim	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółciutki	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółciutki	nieżółciutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółciutkościach	nieżółciutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkościami	nieżółciutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkością	nieżółciutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkości	nieżółciutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkości	nieżółciutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkości	nieżółciutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkości	nieżółciutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkości	nieżółciutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkościom	nieżółciutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkość	nieżółciutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółciutkość	nieżółciutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweccy	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółkiewecka	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółkiewecką	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółkiewecką	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółkieweckich	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółkieweckich	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckich	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckiego	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółkieweckiego	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckiej	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółkieweckiej	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółkieweckiej	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółkieweckiemu	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckie	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckie	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckie	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółkieweckie	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółkieweckimi	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckim	nieżółkiewecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckim	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkieweckim	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkiewecki	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółkiewecki	nieżółkiewecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółkiewecko	nieżółkiewecko	adv:pos		
nieżółkieweckościach	nieżółkieweckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckościami	nieżółkieweckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckością	nieżółkieweckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckości	nieżółkieweckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckości	nieżółkieweckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckości	nieżółkieweckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckości	nieżółkieweckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckości	nieżółkieweckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckościom	nieżółkieweckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckość	nieżółkieweckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkieweckość	nieżółkieweckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewscy	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółkiewska	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółkiewską	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółkiewską	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółkiewskich	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółkiewskich	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskich	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskiego	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółkiewskiego	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskiej	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółkiewskiej	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółkiewskiej	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółkiewskiemu	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskie	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskie	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskie	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółkiewskie	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółkiewskimi	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskim	nieżółkiewski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskim	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkiewskim	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółkiewski	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółkiewski	nieżółkiewski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółkiewsko	nieżółkiewsko	adv:pos		
nieżółkiewskościach	nieżółkiewskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskościami	nieżółkiewskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskością	nieżółkiewskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskości	nieżółkiewskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskości	nieżółkiewskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskości	nieżółkiewskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskości	nieżółkiewskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskości	nieżółkiewskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskościom	nieżółkiewskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskość	nieżółkiewskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółkiewskość	nieżółkiewskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowościach	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowościami	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowością	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowości	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowości	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowości	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowości	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowości	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowościom	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowość	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowość	nieżółtaczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtaczkowa	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtaczkową	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtaczkową	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtaczkowego	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtaczkowego	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowej	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtaczkowej	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtaczkowej	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtaczkowemu	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowe	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowe	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowe	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowe	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowi	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtaczkowych	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtaczkowych	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowych	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowymi	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowym	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowym	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowym	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtaczkowy	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtaczkowy	nieżółtaczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawo	nieżółtawo	adv:pos		
nieżółtawobladościach	nieżółtawobladość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladościami	nieżółtawobladość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladością	nieżółtawobladość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladości	nieżółtawobladość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladości	nieżółtawobladość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladości	nieżółtawobladość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladości	nieżółtawobladość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladości	nieżółtawobladość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladościom	nieżółtawobladość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladość	nieżółtawobladość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobladość	nieżółtawobladość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoblada	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobladą	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobladą	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawobladego	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawobladego	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobladej	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawobladej	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawobladej	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoblademu	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoblade	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoblade	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoblade	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawoblade	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawobladych	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawobladych	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobladych	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobladymi	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobladym	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobladym	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobladym	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoblady	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawoblady	nieżółtawoblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawobladzi	nieżółtawoblady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowościach	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowościami	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowością	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowości	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowości	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowości	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowości	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowości	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowościom	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowość	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowość	nieżółtawobrązowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrązowa	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrązową	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrązową	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowego	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowego	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowej	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowej	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowej	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowemu	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowe	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowe	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowe	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowe	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowi	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowych	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowych	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowych	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowymi	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowym	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowym	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowym	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowy	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawobrązowy	nieżółtawobrązowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnościach	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatnościami	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatnością	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatności	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatności	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatności	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatności	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatności	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatnościom	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatność	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatność	nieżółtawobrunatność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobrunatna	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatną	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatną	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnego	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnego	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnej	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnej	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnej	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnemu	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatne	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatne	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatne	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatne	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatni	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnych	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnych	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnych	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnymi	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnym	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnym	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatnym	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatny	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawobrunatny	nieżółtawobrunatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawoburościach	nieżółtawoburość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburościami	nieżółtawoburość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburością	nieżółtawoburość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburości	nieżółtawoburość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburości	nieżółtawoburość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburości	nieżółtawoburość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburości	nieżółtawoburość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburości	nieżółtawoburość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburościom	nieżółtawoburość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburość	nieżółtawoburość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoburość	nieżółtawoburość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawobura	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoburą	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoburą	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawoburego	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawoburego	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoburej	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawoburej	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawoburej	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoburemu	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobure	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobure	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawobure	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawobure	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawoburych	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawoburych	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoburych	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoburymi	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoburym	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoburym	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoburym	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawobury	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawobury	nieżółtawobury	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawoburzy	nieżółtawobury	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonościach	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwonościami	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwonością	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwoności	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwoności	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwoności	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwoności	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwoności	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwonościom	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwoność	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwoność	nieżółtawoczerwoność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoczerwona	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwoną	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwoną	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonego	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonego	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonej	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonej	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonej	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonemu	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwone	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwone	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwone	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwone	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwoni	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonych	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonych	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonych	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonymi	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonym	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonym	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwonym	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwony	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawoczerwony	nieżółtawoczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystościach	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystościami	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystością	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystości	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystości	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystości	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystości	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystości	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystościom	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystość	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzystość	nieżółtawosrebrzystość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawosrebrzysta	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystą	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystą	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystego	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystego	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystej	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystej	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystej	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystemu	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzyste	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzyste	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzyste	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzyste	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystych	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystych	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystych	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystymi	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystym	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystym	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzystym	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzysty	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzysty	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawosrebrzyści	nieżółtawosrebrzysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawoszarościach	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarościami	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarością	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarości	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarości	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarości	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarości	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarości	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarościom	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarość	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszarość	nieżółtawoszarość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawoszara	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoszarą	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoszarą	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawoszarego	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawoszarego	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszarej	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawoszarej	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawoszarej	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawoszaremu	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszare	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszare	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszare	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawoszare	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawoszarych	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawoszarych	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszarych	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszarymi	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszarym	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszarym	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszarym	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawoszary	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawoszary	nieżółtawoszary	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawoszarzy	nieżółtawoszary	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawościach	nieżółtawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawościami	nieżółtawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawością	nieżółtawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawości	nieżółtawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawości	nieżółtawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawości	nieżółtawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawości	nieżółtawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawości	nieżółtawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawościom	nieżółtawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawość	nieżółtawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawość	nieżółtawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozielonościach	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozielonościami	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozielonością	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieloności	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieloności	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieloności	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieloności	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieloności	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozielonościom	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieloność	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieloność	nieżółtawozieloność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtawozieleni	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawozielona	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawozieloną	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawozieloną	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawozielonego	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawozielonego	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielonej	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawozielonej	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawozielonej	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawozielonemu	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielone	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielone	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielone	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawozielone	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawozieloni	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawozielonych	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawozielonych	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielonych	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielonymi	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielonym	nieżółtawozielony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielonym	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielonym	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawozielony	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawozielony	nieżółtawozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtawa	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtawą	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtawą	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtawego	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtawego	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawej	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtawej	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtawej	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtawemu	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawe	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawe	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawe	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtawe	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtawi	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawych	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtawych	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawych	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawymi	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawym	nieżółtawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtawym	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawym	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtawy	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtawy	nieżółtawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtkowościach	nieżółtkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowościami	nieżółtkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowością	nieżółtkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowości	nieżółtkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowości	nieżółtkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowości	nieżółtkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowości	nieżółtkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowości	nieżółtkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowościom	nieżółtkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowość	nieżółtkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowość	nieżółtkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtkowa	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtkową	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtkową	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtkowego	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtkowego	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtkowej	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtkowej	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtkowej	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtkowemu	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtkowe	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtkowe	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtkowe	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtkowe	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtkowi	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtkowych	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtkowych	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtkowych	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtkowymi	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtkowym	nieżółtkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtkowym	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtkowym	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtkowy	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtkowy	nieżółtkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółto	nieżółto	adv:pos		
nieżółtobiałościach	nieżółtobiałość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałościami	nieżółtobiałość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałością	nieżółtobiałość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałości	nieżółtobiałość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałości	nieżółtobiałość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałości	nieżółtobiałość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałości	nieżółtobiałość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałości	nieżółtobiałość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałościom	nieżółtobiałość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałość	nieżółtobiałość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiałość	nieżółtobiałość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobiali	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobiała	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtobiałą	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtobiałą	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtobiałego	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtobiałego	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałej	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtobiałej	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtobiałej	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtobiałemu	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałe	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałe	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałe	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtobiałe	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtobiałych	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobiałych	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałych	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałymi	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałym	nieżółtobiały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałym	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobiałym	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobiały	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtobiały	nieżółtobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtobladościach	nieżółtobladość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladościami	nieżółtobladość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladością	nieżółtobladość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladości	nieżółtobladość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladości	nieżółtobladość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladości	nieżółtobladość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladości	nieżółtobladość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladości	nieżółtobladość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladościom	nieżółtobladość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladość	nieżółtobladość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobladość	nieżółtobladość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoblada	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtobladą	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtobladą	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtobladego	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtobladego	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobladej	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtobladej	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtobladej	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtoblademu	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoblade	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoblade	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoblade	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtoblade	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtobladych	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobladych	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobladych	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobladymi	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobladym	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobladym	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobladym	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoblady	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtoblady	nieżółtoblady	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtobladzi	nieżółtoblady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrązowościach	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowościami	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowością	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowości	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowości	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowości	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowości	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowości	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowościom	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowość	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowość	nieżółtobrązowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrązowa	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrązową	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrązową	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtobrązowego	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtobrązowego	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowej	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtobrązowej	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtobrązowej	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrązowemu	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowe	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowe	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowe	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowe	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowi	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrązowych	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrązowych	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowych	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowymi	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowym	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowym	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowym	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrązowy	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtobrązowy	nieżółtobrązowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtobrodościach	nieżółtobrodość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodościami	nieżółtobrodość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodością	nieżółtobrodość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodości	nieżółtobrodość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodości	nieżółtobrodość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodości	nieżółtobrodość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodości	nieżółtobrodość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodości	nieżółtobrodość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodościom	nieżółtobrodość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodość	nieżółtobrodość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrodość	nieżółtobrodość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobroda	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrodą	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrodą	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtobrodego	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtobrodego	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrodej	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtobrodej	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtobrodej	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrodemu	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrode	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrode	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrode	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrode	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrodych	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrodych	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrodych	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrodymi	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrodym	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrodym	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrodym	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrody	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtobrody	nieżółtobrody	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtobrodzi	nieżółtobrody	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnościach	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatnościami	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatnością	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatności	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatności	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatności	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatności	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatności	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatnościom	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatność	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatność	nieżółtobrunatność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrunatna	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrunatną	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrunatną	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnego	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnego	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnej	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnej	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnej	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnemu	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatne	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatne	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatne	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatne	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatni	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnych	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnych	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnych	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnymi	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnym	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnym	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatnym	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrunatny	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtobrunatny	nieżółtobrunatny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchościach	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchościami	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchością	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchości	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchości	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchości	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchości	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchości	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchościom	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchość	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzuchość	nieżółtobrzuchość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobrzucha	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchą	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchą	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchego	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchego	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchej	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchej	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchej	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchemu	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuche	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuche	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuche	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuche	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchych	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchych	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchych	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchymi	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchym	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchym	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchym	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchy	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtobrzuchy	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtobrzusi	nieżółtobrzuchy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoburościach	nieżółtoburość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburościami	nieżółtoburość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburością	nieżółtoburość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburości	nieżółtoburość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburości	nieżółtoburość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburości	nieżółtoburość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburości	nieżółtoburość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburości	nieżółtoburość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburościom	nieżółtoburość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburość	nieżółtoburość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoburość	nieżółtoburość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtobura	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtoburą	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtoburą	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtoburego	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtoburego	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoburej	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtoburej	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtoburej	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtoburemu	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobure	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobure	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtobure	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtobure	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtoburych	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoburych	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoburych	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoburymi	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoburym	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoburym	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoburym	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtobury	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtobury	nieżółtobury	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtoburzy	nieżółtobury	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtociemnościach	nieżółtociemność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemnościami	nieżółtociemność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemnością	nieżółtociemność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemności	nieżółtociemność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemności	nieżółtociemność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemności	nieżółtociemność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemności	nieżółtociemność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemności	nieżółtociemność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemnościom	nieżółtociemność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemność	nieżółtociemność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemność	nieżółtociemność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtociemna	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtociemną	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtociemną	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtociemnego	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtociemnego	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtociemnej	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtociemnej	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtociemnej	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtociemnemu	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtociemne	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtociemne	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtociemne	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtociemne	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtociemni	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtociemnych	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtociemnych	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtociemnych	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtociemnymi	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtociemnym	nieżółtociemny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtociemnym	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtociemnym	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtociemny	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtociemny	nieżółtociemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonościach	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwonościami	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwonością	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwoności	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwoności	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwoności	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwoności	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwoności	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwonościom	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwoność	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwoność	nieżółtoczerwoność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoczerwona	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtoczerwoną	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtoczerwoną	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonego	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonego	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonej	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonej	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonej	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonemu	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwone	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwone	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwone	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwone	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwoni	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonych	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonych	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonych	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonymi	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonym	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonym	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwonym	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoczerwony	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtoczerwony	nieżółtoczerwony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtodziobościach	nieżółtodziobość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobościami	nieżółtodziobość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobością	nieżółtodziobość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobości	nieżółtodziobość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobości	nieżółtodziobość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobości	nieżółtodziobość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobości	nieżółtodziobość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobości	nieżółtodziobość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobościom	nieżółtodziobość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobość	nieżółtodziobość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodziobość	nieżółtodziobość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzioba	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtodziobą	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtodziobą	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtodziobego	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtodziobego	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobej	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtodziobej	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtodziobej	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtodziobemu	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobe	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobe	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobe	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtodziobe	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtodziobi	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtodziobych	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtodziobych	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobych	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobymi	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobym	nieżółtodzioby	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobym	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodziobym	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodzioby	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtodzioby	nieżółtodzioby	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtodzióbościach	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbościami	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbością	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbości	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbości	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbości	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbości	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbości	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbościom	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbość	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióbość	nieżółtodzióbość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtodzióba	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtodzióbą	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtodzióbą	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtodzióbego	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtodzióbego	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbej	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtodzióbej	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtodzióbej	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtodzióbemu	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbe	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbe	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbe	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbe	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbi	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtodzióbych	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtodzióbych	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbych	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbymi	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbym	nieżółtodzióby	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbym	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióbym	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtodzióby	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtodzióby	nieżółtodzióby	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtogorąca	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtogorącą	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtogorącą	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtogorącego	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtogorącego	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtogorącej	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtogorącej	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtogorącej	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtogorącemu	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtogorące	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtogorące	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtogorące	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtogorące	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtogorących	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtogorących	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtogorących	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtogorącymi	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtogorącym	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtogorącym	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtogorącym	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtogorący	nieżółtogorący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtogorący	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtogorący	nieżółtogorący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtokłosościach	nieżółtokłosość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosościami	nieżółtokłosość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosością	nieżółtokłosość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosości	nieżółtokłosość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosości	nieżółtokłosość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosości	nieżółtokłosość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosości	nieżółtokłosość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosości	nieżółtokłosość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosościom	nieżółtokłosość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosość	nieżółtokłosość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosość	nieżółtokłosość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtokłosa	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtokłosą	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtokłosą	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtokłosego	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtokłosego	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtokłosej	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtokłosej	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtokłosej	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtokłosemu	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtokłose	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtokłose	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtokłose	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtokłose	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtokłosi	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtokłosych	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtokłosych	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtokłosych	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtokłosymi	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtokłosym	nieżółtokłosy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtokłosym	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtokłosym	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtokłosy	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtokłosy	nieżółtokłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtoocy	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtooka	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtooką	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtooką	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtookich	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtookich	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtookich	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtookiego	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtookiego	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtookiej	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtookiej	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtookiej	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtookiemu	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtookie	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtookie	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtookie	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtookie	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtookimi	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtookim	nieżółtooki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtookim	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtookim	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtooki	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtooki	nieżółtooki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtookościach	nieżółtookość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookościami	nieżółtookość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookością	nieżółtookość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookości	nieżółtookość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookości	nieżółtookość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookości	nieżółtookość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookości	nieżółtookość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookości	nieżółtookość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookościom	nieżółtookość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookość	nieżółtookość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtookość	nieżółtookość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowościach	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowościami	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowością	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowości	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowości	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowości	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowości	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowości	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowościom	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowość	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowość	nieżółtoorzechowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoorzechowa	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtoorzechową	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtoorzechową	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowego	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowego	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowej	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowej	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowej	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowemu	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowe	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowe	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowe	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowe	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowi	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowych	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowych	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowych	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowymi	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowym	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowym	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowym	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowy	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtoorzechowy	nieżółtoorzechowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtopiórościach	nieżółtopiórość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórościami	nieżółtopiórość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórością	nieżółtopiórość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórości	nieżółtopiórość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórości	nieżółtopiórość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórości	nieżółtopiórość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórości	nieżółtopiórość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórości	nieżółtopiórość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórościom	nieżółtopiórość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórość	nieżółtopiórość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopiórość	nieżółtopiórość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopióra	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtopiórą	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtopiórą	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtopiórego	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtopiórego	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopiórej	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtopiórej	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtopiórej	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtopióremu	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopióre	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopióre	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopióre	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtopióre	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtopiórych	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtopiórych	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopiórych	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopiórymi	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopiórym	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopiórym	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopiórym	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopióry	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtopióry	nieżółtopióry	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtopiórzy	nieżółtopióry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtopłowościach	nieżółtopłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowościami	nieżółtopłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowością	nieżółtopłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowości	nieżółtopłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowości	nieżółtopłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowości	nieżółtopłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowości	nieżółtopłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowości	nieżółtopłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowościom	nieżółtopłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowość	nieżółtopłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowość	nieżółtopłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopłowa	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtopłową	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtopłową	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtopłowego	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtopłowego	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowej	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtopłowej	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtopłowej	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtopłowemu	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowe	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowe	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowe	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtopłowe	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtopłowi	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtopłowych	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtopłowych	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowych	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowymi	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowym	nieżółtopłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowym	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowym	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopłowy	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtopłowy	nieżółtopłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowościach	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowościami	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowością	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowości	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowości	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowości	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowości	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowości	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowościom	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowość	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowość	nieżółtopomarańczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtopomarańczowa	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczową	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczową	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowego	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowego	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowej	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowej	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowej	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowemu	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowe	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowe	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowe	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowe	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowi	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowych	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowych	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowych	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowymi	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowym	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowym	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowym	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowy	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtopomarańczowy	nieżółtopomarańczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtorodzy	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoroga	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtorogą	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtorogą	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtorogich	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtorogich	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorogich	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorogiego	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtorogiego	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorogiej	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtorogiej	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtorogiej	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtorogiemu	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorogie	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorogie	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorogie	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtorogie	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtorogimi	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorogim	nieżółtorogi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorogim	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorogim	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorogi	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtorogi	nieżółtorogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtorogościach	nieżółtorogość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogościami	nieżółtorogość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogością	nieżółtorogość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogości	nieżółtorogość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogości	nieżółtorogość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogości	nieżółtorogość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogości	nieżółtorogość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogości	nieżółtorogość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogościom	nieżółtorogość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogość	nieżółtorogość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorogość	nieżółtorogość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowościach	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowościami	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowością	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowości	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowości	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowości	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowości	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowości	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowościom	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowość	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowość	nieżółtoróżowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoróżowa	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtoróżową	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtoróżową	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtoróżowego	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtoróżowego	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowej	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtoróżowej	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtoróżowej	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtoróżowemu	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowe	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowe	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowe	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowe	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowi	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoróżowych	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoróżowych	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowych	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowymi	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowym	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowym	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowym	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoróżowy	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtoróżowy	nieżółtoróżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtorudościach	nieżółtorudość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudościami	nieżółtorudość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudością	nieżółtorudość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudości	nieżółtorudość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudości	nieżółtorudość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudości	nieżółtorudość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudości	nieżółtorudość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudości	nieżółtorudość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudościom	nieżółtorudość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudość	nieżółtorudość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtorudość	nieżółtorudość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoruda	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtorudą	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtorudą	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtorudego	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtorudego	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorudej	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtorudej	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtorudej	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtorudemu	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorude	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorude	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorude	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtorude	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtorudych	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtorudych	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorudych	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorudymi	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorudym	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtorudym	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorudym	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtorudy	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtorudy	nieżółtorudy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtorudzi	nieżółtorudy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtosiwościach	nieżółtosiwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwościami	nieżółtosiwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwością	nieżółtosiwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwości	nieżółtosiwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwości	nieżółtosiwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwości	nieżółtosiwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwości	nieżółtosiwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwości	nieżółtosiwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwościom	nieżółtosiwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwość	nieżółtosiwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwość	nieżółtosiwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtosiwa	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtosiwą	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtosiwą	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtosiwego	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtosiwego	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwej	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtosiwej	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtosiwej	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtosiwemu	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwe	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwe	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwe	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtosiwe	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtosiwi	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtosiwych	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtosiwych	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwych	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwymi	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwym	nieżółtosiwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwym	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwym	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtosiwy	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtosiwy	nieżółtosiwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtoskórościach	nieżółtoskórość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórościami	nieżółtoskórość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórością	nieżółtoskórość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórości	nieżółtoskórość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórości	nieżółtoskórość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórości	nieżółtoskórość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórości	nieżółtoskórość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórości	nieżółtoskórość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórościom	nieżółtoskórość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórość	nieżółtoskórość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskórość	nieżółtoskórość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoskóra	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtoskórą	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtoskórą	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtoskórego	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtoskórego	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoskórej	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtoskórej	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtoskórej	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtoskóremu	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoskóre	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoskóre	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoskóre	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtoskóre	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtoskórych	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoskórych	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoskórych	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoskórymi	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoskórym	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoskórym	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoskórym	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoskóry	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtoskóry	nieżółtoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtoskórzy	nieżółtoskóry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoszarościach	nieżółtoszarość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarościami	nieżółtoszarość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarością	nieżółtoszarość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarości	nieżółtoszarość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarości	nieżółtoszarość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarości	nieżółtoszarość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarości	nieżółtoszarość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarości	nieżółtoszarość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarościom	nieżółtoszarość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarość	nieżółtoszarość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszarość	nieżółtoszarość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtoszara	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtoszarą	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtoszarą	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtoszarego	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtoszarego	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoszarej	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtoszarej	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtoszarej	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtoszaremu	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoszare	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoszare	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoszare	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtoszare	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtoszarych	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtoszarych	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoszarych	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoszarymi	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoszarym	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtoszarym	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoszarym	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtoszary	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtoszary	nieżółtoszary	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtoszarzy	nieżółtoszary	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtościach	nieżółtość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtościami	nieżółtość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtością	nieżółtość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtości	nieżółtość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtości	nieżółtość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtości	nieżółtość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtości	nieżółtość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtości	nieżółtość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtościom	nieżółtość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtość	nieżółtość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtość	nieżółtość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosościach	nieżółtowłosość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosościami	nieżółtowłosość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosością	nieżółtowłosość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosości	nieżółtowłosość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosości	nieżółtowłosość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosości	nieżółtowłosość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosości	nieżółtowłosość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosości	nieżółtowłosość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosościom	nieżółtowłosość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosość	nieżółtowłosość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosość	nieżółtowłosość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowłosa	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtowłosą	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtowłosą	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtowłosego	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtowłosego	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowłosej	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtowłosej	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtowłosej	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtowłosemu	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowłose	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowłose	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowłose	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtowłose	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtowłosi	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtowłosych	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtowłosych	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowłosych	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowłosymi	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowłosym	nieżółtowłosy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowłosym	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowłosym	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowłosy	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtowłosy	nieżółtowłosy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtowoskowościach	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowościami	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowością	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowości	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowości	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowości	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowości	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowości	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowościom	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowość	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowość	nieżółtowoskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtowoskowa	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtowoskową	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtowoskową	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtowoskowego	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtowoskowego	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowej	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtowoskowej	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtowoskowej	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtowoskowemu	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowe	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowe	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowe	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowe	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowi	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtowoskowych	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtowoskowych	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowych	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowymi	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowym	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowym	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowym	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtowoskowy	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtowoskowy	nieżółtowoskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawo	nieżółtozielonkawo	adv:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawościach	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawościami	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawością	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawości	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawości	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawości	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawości	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawości	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawościom	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawość	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawość	nieżółtozielonkawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonkawa	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawą	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawą	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawego	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawego	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawej	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawej	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawej	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawemu	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawe	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawe	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawe	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawe	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawi	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawych	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawych	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawych	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawymi	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawym	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawym	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawym	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawy	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtozielonkawy	nieżółtozielonkawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtozielonościach	nieżółtozieloność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonościami	nieżółtozieloność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonością	nieżółtozieloność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieloności	nieżółtozieloność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieloności	nieżółtozieloność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieloności	nieżółtozieloność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieloności	nieżółtozieloność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieloności	nieżółtozieloność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozielonościom	nieżółtozieloność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieloność	nieżółtozieloność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieloność	nieżółtozieloność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozieleni	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtozielona	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtozieloną	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtozieloną	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonego	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtozielonego	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonej	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonej	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonej	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtozielonemu	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielone	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielone	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielone	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtozielone	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtozieloni	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtozielonych	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtozielonych	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonych	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonymi	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonym	nieżółtozielony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonym	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielonym	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozielony	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtozielony	nieżółtozielony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółtozłotościach	nieżółtozłotość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotościami	nieżółtozłotość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotością	nieżółtozłotość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotości	nieżółtozłotość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotości	nieżółtozłotość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotości	nieżółtozłotość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotości	nieżółtozłotość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotości	nieżółtozłotość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotościom	nieżółtozłotość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotość	nieżółtozłotość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłotość	nieżółtozłotość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółtozłoci	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółtozłota	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtozłotą	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtozłotą	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtozłotego	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtozłotego	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozłotej	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtozłotej	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtozłotej	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtozłotemu	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozłote	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozłote	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozłote	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółtozłote	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtozłotych	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtozłotych	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozłotych	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozłotymi	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozłotym	nieżółtozłoty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtozłotym	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozłotym	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtozłoty	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółtozłoty	nieżółtozłoty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółci	nieżółty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółta	nieżółty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółtą	nieżółty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółtą	nieżółty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółtego	nieżółty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółtego	nieżółty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtej	nieżółty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółtej	nieżółty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółtej	nieżółty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółtemu	nieżółty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółte	nieżółty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółte	nieżółty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółte	nieżółty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółte	nieżółty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółtych	nieżółty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółtych	nieżółty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtych	nieżółty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtymi	nieżółty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtym	nieżółty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółtym	nieżółty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółtym	nieżółty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółty	nieżółty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółty	nieżółty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółwia	nieżółwi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółwią	nieżółwi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółwią	nieżółwi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółwich	nieżółwi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółwich	nieżółwi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwich	nieżółwi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwiego	nieżółwi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółwiego	nieżółwi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwiej	nieżółwi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółwiej	nieżółwi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółwiej	nieżółwi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółwiemu	nieżółwi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwie	nieżółwi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwie	nieżółwi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwie	nieżółwi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółwie	nieżółwi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółwimi	nieżółwi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwim	nieżółwi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwim	nieżółwi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwim	nieżółwi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwi	nieżółwi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółwi	nieżółwi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółwi	nieżółwi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżółwio	nieżółwio	adv:pos		
nieżółwiościach	nieżółwiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiościami	nieżółwiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiością	nieżółwiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiości	nieżółwiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiości	nieżółwiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiości	nieżółwiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiości	nieżółwiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiości	nieżółwiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiościom	nieżółwiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiość	nieżółwiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiość	nieżółwiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowo	nieżółwiowo	adv:pos		
nieżółwiowościach	nieżółwiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowościami	nieżółwiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowością	nieżółwiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowości	nieżółwiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowości	nieżółwiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowości	nieżółwiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowości	nieżółwiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowości	nieżółwiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowościom	nieżółwiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowość	nieżółwiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowość	nieżółwiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżółwiowa	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżółwiową	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżółwiową	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżółwiowego	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżółwiowego	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwiowej	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżółwiowej	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżółwiowej	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżółwiowemu	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwiowe	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwiowe	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwiowe	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżółwiowe	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżółwiowi	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżółwiowych	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżółwiowych	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwiowych	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwiowymi	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwiowym	nieżółwiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżółwiowym	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwiowym	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżółwiowy	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżółwiowy	nieżółwiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżórawińscy	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżórawińska	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżórawińską	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżórawińską	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżórawińskich	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżórawińskich	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżórawińskich	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżórawińskiego	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżórawińskiego	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżórawińskiej	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżórawińskiej	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżórawińskiej	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżórawińskiemu	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżórawińskie	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżórawińskie	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżórawińskie	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżórawińskie	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżórawińskimi	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżórawińskim	nieżórawiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżórawińskim	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżórawińskim	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżórawiński	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżórawiński	nieżórawiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżórawińsko	nieżórawińsko	adv:pos		
nieżórawińskościach	nieżórawińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskościami	nieżórawińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskością	nieżórawińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskości	nieżórawińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskości	nieżórawińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskości	nieżórawińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskości	nieżórawińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskości	nieżórawińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskościom	nieżórawińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskość	nieżórawińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżórawińskość	nieżórawińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżrąco	nieżrąco	adv:pos		
nieżrąca	nieżrący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżrącą	nieżrący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżrącą	nieżrący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżrącego	nieżrący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżrącego	nieżrący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżrącej	nieżrący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżrącej	nieżrący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżrącej	nieżrący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżrącemu	nieżrący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżrące	nieżrący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżrące	nieżrący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżrące	nieżrący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżrące	nieżrący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżrących	nieżrący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżrących	nieżrący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżrących	nieżrący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżrącymi	nieżrący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżrącym	nieżrący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżrącym	nieżrący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżrącym	nieżrący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżrący	nieżrący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżrący	nieżrący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżrący	nieżrący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżubrowościach	nieżubrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowościami	nieżubrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowością	nieżubrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowości	nieżubrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowości	nieżubrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowości	nieżubrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowości	nieżubrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowości	nieżubrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowościom	nieżubrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowość	nieżubrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowość	nieżubrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrowa	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżubrową	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżubrową	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżubrowego	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżubrowego	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrowej	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżubrowej	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżubrowej	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżubrowemu	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrowe	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrowe	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrowe	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżubrowe	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżubrowi	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżubrowych	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżubrowych	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrowych	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrowymi	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrowym	nieżubrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrowym	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrowym	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrowy	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżubrowy	nieżubrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżubrzościach	nieżubrzość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzościami	nieżubrzość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzością	nieżubrzość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzości	nieżubrzość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzości	nieżubrzość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzości	nieżubrzość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzości	nieżubrzość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzości	nieżubrzość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzościom	nieżubrzość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzość	nieżubrzość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrzość	nieżubrzość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżubrza	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżubrzą	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżubrzą	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżubrzego	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżubrzego	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrzej	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżubrzej	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżubrzej	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżubrzemu	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrze	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrze	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrze	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżubrze	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżubrzych	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżubrzych	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrzych	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrzymi	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrzym	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżubrzym	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrzym	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżubrzy	nieżubrzy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżubrzy	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżubrzy	nieżubrzy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżuchwowościach	nieżuchwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowościami	nieżuchwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowością	nieżuchwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowości	nieżuchwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowości	nieżuchwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowości	nieżuchwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowości	nieżuchwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowości	nieżuchwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowościom	nieżuchwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowość	nieżuchwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowość	nieżuchwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuchwowa	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżuchwową	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżuchwową	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżuchwowego	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżuchwowego	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuchwowej	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżuchwowej	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżuchwowej	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżuchwowemu	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuchwowe	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuchwowe	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuchwowe	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżuchwowe	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżuchwowi	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżuchwowych	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżuchwowych	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuchwowych	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuchwowymi	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuchwowym	nieżuchwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuchwowym	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuchwowym	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuchwowy	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżuchwowy	nieżuchwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżukowatościach	nieżukowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatościami	nieżukowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatością	nieżukowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatości	nieżukowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatości	nieżukowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatości	nieżukowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatości	nieżukowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatości	nieżukowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatościom	nieżukowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatość	nieżukowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowatość	nieżukowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowaci	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżukowata	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżukowatą	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżukowatą	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżukowatego	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżukowatego	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowatej	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżukowatej	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżukowatej	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżukowatemu	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowate	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowate	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowate	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżukowate	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżukowatych	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżukowatych	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowatych	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowatymi	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowatym	nieżukowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowatym	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowatym	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowaty	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżukowaty	nieżukowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżukowiccy	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżukowicka	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżukowicką	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżukowicką	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżukowickich	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżukowickich	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowickich	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowickiego	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżukowickiego	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowickiej	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżukowickiej	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżukowickiej	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżukowickiemu	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowickie	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowickie	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowickie	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżukowickie	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżukowickimi	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowickim	nieżukowicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowickim	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowickim	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowicki	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżukowicki	nieżukowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżukowicko	nieżukowicko	adv:pos		
nieżukowickościach	nieżukowickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickościami	nieżukowickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickością	nieżukowickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickości	nieżukowickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickości	nieżukowickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickości	nieżukowickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickości	nieżukowickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickości	nieżukowickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickościom	nieżukowickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickość	nieżukowickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowickość	nieżukowickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowscy	nieżukowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżukowska	nieżukowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżukowską	nieżukowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżukowską	nieżukowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżukowskich	nieżukowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżukowskich	nieżukowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowskich	nieżukowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowskiego	nieżukowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżukowskiego	nieżukowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowskiej	nieżukowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżukowskiej	nieżukowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżukowskiej	nieżukowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżukowskiemu	nieżukowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowskie	nieżukowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowskie	nieżukowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowskie	nieżukowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżukowskie	nieżukowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżukowskimi	nieżukowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowskim	nieżukowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżukowskim	nieżukowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowskim	nieżukowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżukowski	nieżukowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżukowski	nieżukowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżukowsko	nieżukowsko	adv:pos		
nieżukowskościach	nieżukowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskościami	nieżukowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskością	nieżukowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskości	nieżukowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskości	nieżukowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskości	nieżukowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskości	nieżukowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskości	nieżukowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskościom	nieżukowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskość	nieżukowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżukowskość	nieżukowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatościach	nieżulowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatościami	nieżulowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatością	nieżulowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatości	nieżulowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatości	nieżulowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatości	nieżulowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatości	nieżulowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatości	nieżulowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatościom	nieżulowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatość	nieżulowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowatość	nieżulowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżulowaci	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżulowata	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżulowatą	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżulowatą	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżulowatego	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżulowatego	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżulowatej	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżulowatej	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżulowatej	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżulowatemu	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżulowate	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżulowate	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżulowate	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżulowate	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżulowatych	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżulowatych	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżulowatych	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżulowatymi	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżulowatym	nieżulowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżulowatym	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżulowatym	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżulowaty	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżulowaty	nieżulowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżuławscy	nieżuławski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżuławska	nieżuławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżuławską	nieżuławski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżuławską	nieżuławski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżuławskich	nieżuławski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżuławskich	nieżuławski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuławskich	nieżuławski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuławskiego	nieżuławski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżuławskiego	nieżuławski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuławskiej	nieżuławski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżuławskiej	nieżuławski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżuławskiej	nieżuławski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżuławskiemu	nieżuławski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuławskie	nieżuławski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuławskie	nieżuławski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuławskie	nieżuławski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżuławskie	nieżuławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżuławskimi	nieżuławski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuławskim	nieżuławski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuławskim	nieżuławski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuławskim	nieżuławski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuławski	nieżuławski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżuławski	nieżuławski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżuławsko	nieżuławsko	adv:pos		
nieżuławskościach	nieżuławskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskościami	nieżuławskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskością	nieżuławskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskości	nieżuławskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskości	nieżuławskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskości	nieżuławskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskości	nieżuławskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskości	nieżuławskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskościom	nieżuławskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskość	nieżuławskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuławskość	nieżuławskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowościach	nieżupanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowościami	nieżupanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowością	nieżupanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowości	nieżupanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowości	nieżupanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowości	nieżupanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowości	nieżupanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowości	nieżupanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowościom	nieżupanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowość	nieżupanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowość	nieżupanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupanowa	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżupanową	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżupanową	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżupanowego	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżupanowego	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupanowej	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżupanowej	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżupanowej	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżupanowemu	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupanowe	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupanowe	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupanowe	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżupanowe	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżupanowi	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżupanowych	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżupanowych	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupanowych	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupanowymi	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupanowym	nieżupanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupanowym	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupanowym	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupanowy	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżupanowy	nieżupanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżupańscy	nieżupański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżupańska	nieżupański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżupańską	nieżupański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżupańską	nieżupański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżupańskich	nieżupański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżupańskich	nieżupański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupańskich	nieżupański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupańskiego	nieżupański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżupańskiego	nieżupański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupańskiej	nieżupański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżupańskiej	nieżupański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżupańskiej	nieżupański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżupańskiemu	nieżupański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupańskie	nieżupański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupańskie	nieżupański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupańskie	nieżupański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżupańskie	nieżupański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżupańskimi	nieżupański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupańskim	nieżupański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupańskim	nieżupański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupańskim	nieżupański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupański	nieżupański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżupański	nieżupański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżupańsko	nieżupańsko	adv:pos		
nieżupańskościach	nieżupańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskościami	nieżupańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskością	nieżupańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskości	nieżupańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskości	nieżupańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskości	nieżupańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskości	nieżupańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskości	nieżupańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskościom	nieżupańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskość	nieżupańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupańskość	nieżupańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczościach	nieżupniczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczościami	nieżupniczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczością	nieżupniczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczości	nieżupniczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczości	nieżupniczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczości	nieżupniczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczości	nieżupniczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczości	nieżupniczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczościom	nieżupniczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczość	nieżupniczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupniczość	nieżupniczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupnicza	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżupniczą	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżupniczą	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżupniczego	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżupniczego	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupniczej	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżupniczej	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżupniczej	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżupniczemu	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupnicze	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupnicze	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupnicze	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżupnicze	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżupniczych	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżupniczych	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupniczych	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupniczymi	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupniczym	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupniczym	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupniczym	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupniczy	nieżupniczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżupniczy	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżupniczy	nieżupniczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżupnościach	nieżupność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupnościami	nieżupność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupnością	nieżupność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupności	nieżupność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupności	nieżupność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupności	nieżupność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupności	nieżupność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupności	nieżupność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupnościom	nieżupność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupność	nieżupność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupność	nieżupność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżupna	nieżupny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżupną	nieżupny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżupną	nieżupny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżupnego	nieżupny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżupnego	nieżupny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupnej	nieżupny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżupnej	nieżupny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżupnej	nieżupny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżupnemu	nieżupny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupne	nieżupny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupne	nieżupny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupne	nieżupny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżupne	nieżupny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżupni	nieżupny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżupnych	nieżupny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżupnych	nieżupny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupnych	nieżupny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupnymi	nieżupny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupnym	nieżupny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżupnym	nieżupny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupnym	nieżupny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżupny	nieżupny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżupny	nieżupny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurawia	nieżurawi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurawią	nieżurawi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurawią	nieżurawi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurawich	nieżurawi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurawich	nieżurawi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawich	nieżurawi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiego	nieżurawi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurawiego	nieżurawi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiej	nieżurawi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurawiej	nieżurawi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurawiej	nieżurawi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurawiemu	nieżurawi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawie	nieżurawi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawie	nieżurawi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawie	nieżurawi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurawie	nieżurawi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurawimi	nieżurawi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawim	nieżurawi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawim	nieżurawi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawim	nieżurawi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawi	nieżurawi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurawi	nieżurawi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurawi	nieżurawi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurawianościach	nieżurawianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianościami	nieżurawianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianością	nieżurawianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianości	nieżurawianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianości	nieżurawianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianości	nieżurawianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianości	nieżurawianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianości	nieżurawianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianościom	nieżurawianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianość	nieżurawianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawianość	nieżurawianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiana	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurawianą	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurawianą	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurawianego	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurawianego	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawianej	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurawianej	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurawianej	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurawianemu	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiane	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiane	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiane	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurawiane	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurawiani	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurawianych	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurawianych	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawianych	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawianymi	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawianym	nieżurawiany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawianym	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawianym	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiany	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurawiany	nieżurawiany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurawiccy	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurawicka	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurawicką	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurawicką	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurawickich	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurawickich	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawickich	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawickiego	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurawickiego	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawickiej	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurawickiej	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurawickiej	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurawickiemu	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawickie	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawickie	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawickie	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurawickie	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurawickimi	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawickim	nieżurawicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawickim	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawickim	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawicki	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurawicki	nieżurawicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurawicko	nieżurawicko	adv:pos		
nieżurawickościach	nieżurawickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickościami	nieżurawickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickością	nieżurawickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickości	nieżurawickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickości	nieżurawickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickości	nieżurawickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickości	nieżurawickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickości	nieżurawickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickościom	nieżurawickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickość	nieżurawickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawickość	nieżurawickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowościach	nieżurawinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowościami	nieżurawinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowością	nieżurawinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowości	nieżurawinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowości	nieżurawinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowości	nieżurawinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowości	nieżurawinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowości	nieżurawinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowościom	nieżurawinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowość	nieżurawinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowość	nieżurawinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawinowa	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurawinową	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurawinową	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurawinowego	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurawinowego	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawinowej	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurawinowej	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurawinowej	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurawinowemu	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawinowe	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawinowe	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawinowe	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurawinowe	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurawinowi	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurawinowych	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurawinowych	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawinowych	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawinowymi	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawinowym	nieżurawinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawinowym	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawinowym	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawinowy	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurawinowy	nieżurawinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurawiościach	nieżurawiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiościami	nieżurawiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiością	nieżurawiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiości	nieżurawiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiości	nieżurawiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiości	nieżurawiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiości	nieżurawiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiości	nieżurawiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiościom	nieżurawiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiość	nieżurawiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiość	nieżurawiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatościach	nieżurawiowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatościami	nieżurawiowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatością	nieżurawiowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatości	nieżurawiowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatości	nieżurawiowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatości	nieżurawiowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatości	nieżurawiowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatości	nieżurawiowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatościom	nieżurawiowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatość	nieżurawiowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowatość	nieżurawiowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowaci	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurawiowata	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurawiowatą	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurawiowatą	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurawiowatego	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurawiowatego	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowatej	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurawiowatej	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurawiowatej	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurawiowatemu	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowate	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowate	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowate	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurawiowate	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurawiowatych	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurawiowatych	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowatych	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowatymi	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowatym	nieżurawiowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowatym	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowatym	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowaty	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurawiowaty	nieżurawiowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurawiowościach	nieżurawiowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowościami	nieżurawiowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowością	nieżurawiowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowości	nieżurawiowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowości	nieżurawiowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowości	nieżurawiowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowości	nieżurawiowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowości	nieżurawiowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowościom	nieżurawiowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowość	nieżurawiowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowość	nieżurawiowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawiowa	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurawiową	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurawiową	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurawiowego	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurawiowego	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowej	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurawiowej	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurawiowej	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurawiowemu	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowe	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowe	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowe	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurawiowe	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurawiowi	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurawiowych	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurawiowych	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowych	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowymi	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowym	nieżurawiowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawiowym	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowym	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawiowy	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurawiowy	nieżurawiowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurawnościach	nieżurawność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawnościami	nieżurawność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawnością	nieżurawność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawności	nieżurawność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawności	nieżurawność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawności	nieżurawność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawności	nieżurawność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawności	nieżurawność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawnościom	nieżurawność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawność	nieżurawność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawność	nieżurawność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurawna	nieżurawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurawną	nieżurawny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurawną	nieżurawny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurawnego	nieżurawny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurawnego	nieżurawny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawnej	nieżurawny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurawnej	nieżurawny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurawnej	nieżurawny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurawnemu	nieżurawny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawne	nieżurawny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawne	nieżurawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawne	nieżurawny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurawne	nieżurawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurawni	nieżurawny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurawnych	nieżurawny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurawnych	nieżurawny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawnych	nieżurawny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawnymi	nieżurawny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawnym	nieżurawny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurawnym	nieżurawny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawnym	nieżurawny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurawny	nieżurawny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurawny	nieżurawny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurnalistycznościach	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistycznościami	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistycznością	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczności	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczności	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczności	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczności	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczności	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistycznościom	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczność	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczność	nieżurnalistyczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalistyczna	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurnalistyczną	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurnalistyczną	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurnalistycznego	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurnalistycznego	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalistycznej	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurnalistycznej	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurnalistycznej	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurnalistycznemu	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalistyczne	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalistyczne	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalistyczne	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurnalistyczne	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurnalistyczni	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurnalistycznych	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurnalistycznych	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalistycznych	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalistycznymi	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalistycznym	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalistycznym	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalistycznym	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalistyczny	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurnalistyczny	nieżurnalistyczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżurnalowo	nieżurnalowo	adv:pos		
nieżurnalowościach	nieżurnalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowościami	nieżurnalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowością	nieżurnalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowości	nieżurnalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowości	nieżurnalowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowości	nieżurnalowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowości	nieżurnalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowości	nieżurnalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowościom	nieżurnalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowość	nieżurnalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowość	nieżurnalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżurnalowa	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżurnalową	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżurnalową	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżurnalowego	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżurnalowego	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalowej	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżurnalowej	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżurnalowej	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżurnalowemu	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalowe	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalowe	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalowe	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżurnalowe	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżurnalowi	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżurnalowych	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżurnalowych	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalowych	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalowymi	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalowym	nieżurnalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżurnalowym	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalowym	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżurnalowy	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżurnalowy	nieżurnalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżuromińscy	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżuromińska	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżuromińską	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżuromińską	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżuromińskich	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżuromińskich	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuromińskich	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuromińskiego	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżuromińskiego	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuromińskiej	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżuromińskiej	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżuromińskiej	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżuromińskiemu	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuromińskie	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuromińskie	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuromińskie	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżuromińskie	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżuromińskimi	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuromińskim	nieżuromiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuromińskim	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuromińskim	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuromiński	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżuromiński	nieżuromiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżuromińsko	nieżuromińsko	adv:pos		
nieżuromińskościach	nieżuromińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskościami	nieżuromińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskością	nieżuromińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskości	nieżuromińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskości	nieżuromińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskości	nieżuromińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskości	nieżuromińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskości	nieżuromińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskościom	nieżuromińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskość	nieżuromińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuromińskość	nieżuromińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwnościach	nieżuwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwnościami	nieżuwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwnością	nieżuwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwności	nieżuwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwności	nieżuwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwności	nieżuwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwności	nieżuwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwności	nieżuwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwnościom	nieżuwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwność	nieżuwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwność	nieżuwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżuwna	nieżuwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżuwną	nieżuwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżuwną	nieżuwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżuwnego	nieżuwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżuwnego	nieżuwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuwnej	nieżuwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżuwnej	nieżuwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżuwnej	nieżuwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżuwnemu	nieżuwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuwne	nieżuwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuwne	nieżuwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuwne	nieżuwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżuwne	nieżuwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżuwni	nieżuwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżuwnych	nieżuwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżuwnych	nieżuwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuwnych	nieżuwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuwnymi	nieżuwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuwnym	nieżuwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżuwnym	nieżuwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuwnym	nieżuwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżuwny	nieżuwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżuwny	nieżuwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżużlistościach	nieżużlistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistościami	nieżużlistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistością	nieżużlistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistości	nieżużlistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistości	nieżużlistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistości	nieżużlistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistości	nieżużlistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistości	nieżużlistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistościom	nieżużlistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistość	nieżużlistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlistość	nieżużlistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlista	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżużlistą	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżużlistą	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżużlistego	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżużlistego	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlistej	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżużlistej	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżużlistej	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżużlistemu	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużliste	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużliste	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużliste	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżużliste	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżużlistych	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżużlistych	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlistych	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlistymi	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlistym	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlistym	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlistym	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlisty	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżużlisty	nieżużlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżużliści	nieżużlisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżużlobetonowościach	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowościami	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowością	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowości	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowości	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowości	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowości	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowości	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowościom	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowość	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowość	nieżużlobetonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlobetonowa	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżużlobetonową	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżużlobetonową	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżużlobetonowego	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżużlobetonowego	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowej	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżużlobetonowej	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżużlobetonowej	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżużlobetonowemu	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowe	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowe	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowe	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowe	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowi	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżużlobetonowych	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżużlobetonowych	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowych	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowymi	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowym	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowym	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowym	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlobetonowy	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżużlobetonowy	nieżużlobetonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżużlotwórczościach	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczościami	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczością	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczości	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczości	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczości	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczości	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczości	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczościom	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczość	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórczość	nieżużlotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlotwórcza	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżużlotwórczą	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżużlotwórczą	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżużlotwórczego	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżużlotwórczego	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczej	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżużlotwórczej	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżużlotwórczej	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżużlotwórczemu	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórcze	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórcze	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórcze	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżużlotwórcze	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczych	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżużlotwórczych	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczych	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczymi	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczym	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczym	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczym	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlotwórczy	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżużlotwórczy	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżużlotwórczy	nieżużlotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżużlowatościach	nieżużlowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatościami	nieżużlowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatością	nieżużlowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatości	nieżużlowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatości	nieżużlowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatości	nieżużlowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatości	nieżużlowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatości	nieżużlowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatościom	nieżużlowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatość	nieżużlowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowatość	nieżużlowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowaci	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżużlowata	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżużlowatą	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżużlowatą	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżużlowatego	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżużlowatego	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowatej	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżużlowatej	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżużlowatej	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżużlowatemu	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowate	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowate	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowate	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżużlowate	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżużlowatych	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżużlowatych	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowatych	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowatymi	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowatym	nieżużlowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowatym	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowatym	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowaty	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżużlowaty	nieżużlowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżużlowościach	nieżużlowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowościami	nieżużlowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowością	nieżużlowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowości	nieżużlowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowości	nieżużlowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowości	nieżużlowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowości	nieżużlowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowości	nieżużlowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowościom	nieżużlowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowość	nieżużlowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowość	nieżużlowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżużlowa	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżużlową	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżużlową	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżużlowego	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżużlowego	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowej	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżużlowej	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżużlowej	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżużlowemu	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowe	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowe	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowe	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżużlowe	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżużlowi	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżużlowych	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżużlowych	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowych	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowymi	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowym	nieżużlowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżużlowym	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowym	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżużlowy	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżużlowy	nieżużlowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżwaczowościach	nieżwaczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowościami	nieżwaczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowością	nieżwaczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowości	nieżwaczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowości	nieżwaczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowości	nieżwaczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowości	nieżwaczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowości	nieżwaczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowościom	nieżwaczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowość	nieżwaczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowość	nieżwaczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwaczowa	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżwaczową	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżwaczową	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżwaczowego	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżwaczowego	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwaczowej	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżwaczowej	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżwaczowej	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżwaczowemu	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwaczowe	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwaczowe	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwaczowe	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżwaczowe	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżwaczowi	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżwaczowych	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżwaczowych	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwaczowych	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwaczowymi	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwaczowym	nieżwaczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwaczowym	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwaczowym	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwaczowy	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżwaczowy	nieżwaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżwawie	nieżwawie	adv:pos		
nieżwawo	nieżwawo	adv:pos		
nieżwawościach	nieżwawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawościami	nieżwawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawością	nieżwawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawości	nieżwawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawości	nieżwawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawości	nieżwawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawości	nieżwawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawości	nieżwawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawościom	nieżwawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawość	nieżwawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawość	nieżwawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwawa	nieżwawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżwawą	nieżwawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżwawą	nieżwawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżwawego	nieżwawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżwawego	nieżwawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwawej	nieżwawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżwawej	nieżwawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżwawej	nieżwawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżwawemu	nieżwawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwawe	nieżwawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwawe	nieżwawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwawe	nieżwawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżwawe	nieżwawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżwawi	nieżwawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżwawych	nieżwawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżwawych	nieżwawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwawych	nieżwawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwawymi	nieżwawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwawym	nieżwawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwawym	nieżwawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwawym	nieżwawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwawy	nieżwawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżwawy	nieżwawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżwirkowatościach	nieżwirkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatościami	nieżwirkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatością	nieżwirkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatości	nieżwirkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatości	nieżwirkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatości	nieżwirkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatości	nieżwirkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatości	nieżwirkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatościom	nieżwirkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatość	nieżwirkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowatość	nieżwirkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirkowaci	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżwirkowata	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżwirkowatą	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżwirkowatą	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżwirkowatego	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżwirkowatego	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirkowatej	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżwirkowatej	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżwirkowatej	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżwirkowatemu	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirkowate	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirkowate	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirkowate	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżwirkowate	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżwirkowatych	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżwirkowatych	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirkowatych	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirkowatymi	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirkowatym	nieżwirkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirkowatym	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirkowatym	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirkowaty	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżwirkowaty	nieżwirkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżwirowatościach	nieżwirowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatościami	nieżwirowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatością	nieżwirowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatości	nieżwirowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatości	nieżwirowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatości	nieżwirowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatości	nieżwirowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatości	nieżwirowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatościom	nieżwirowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatość	nieżwirowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowatość	nieżwirowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowaci	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżwirowata	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżwirowatą	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżwirowatą	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżwirowatego	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżwirowatego	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowatej	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżwirowatej	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżwirowatej	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżwirowatemu	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowate	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowate	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowate	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżwirowate	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżwirowatych	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżwirowatych	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowatych	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowatymi	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowatym	nieżwirowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowatym	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowatym	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowaty	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżwirowaty	nieżwirowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżwirowościach	nieżwirowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowościami	nieżwirowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowością	nieżwirowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowości	nieżwirowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowości	nieżwirowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowości	nieżwirowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowości	nieżwirowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowości	nieżwirowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowościom	nieżwirowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowość	nieżwirowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowość	nieżwirowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirowa	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżwirową	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżwirową	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżwirowego	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżwirowego	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowej	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżwirowej	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżwirowej	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżwirowemu	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowe	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowe	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowe	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżwirowe	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżwirowi	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżwirowych	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżwirowych	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowych	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowymi	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowym	nieżwirowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirowym	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowym	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirowy	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżwirowy	nieżwirowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżwirzastościach	nieżwirzastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastościami	nieżwirzastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastością	nieżwirzastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastości	nieżwirzastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastości	nieżwirzastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastości	nieżwirzastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastości	nieżwirzastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastości	nieżwirzastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastościom	nieżwirzastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastość	nieżwirzastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzastość	nieżwirzastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżwirzasta	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżwirzastą	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżwirzastą	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżwirzastego	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżwirzastego	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirzastej	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżwirzastej	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżwirzastej	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżwirzastemu	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirzaste	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirzaste	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirzaste	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżwirzaste	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżwirzastych	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżwirzastych	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirzastych	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirzastymi	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirzastym	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżwirzastym	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirzastym	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżwirzasty	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżwirzasty	nieżwirzasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżwirzaści	nieżwirzasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżychlińscy	nieżychliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżychlińska	nieżychliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżychlińską	nieżychliński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżychlińską	nieżychliński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżychlińskich	nieżychliński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżychlińskich	nieżychliński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżychlińskich	nieżychliński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżychlińskiego	nieżychliński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżychlińskiego	nieżychliński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżychlińskiej	nieżychliński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżychlińskiej	nieżychliński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżychlińskiej	nieżychliński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżychlińskiemu	nieżychliński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżychlińskie	nieżychliński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżychlińskie	nieżychliński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżychlińskie	nieżychliński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżychlińskie	nieżychliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżychlińskimi	nieżychliński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżychlińskim	nieżychliński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżychlińskim	nieżychliński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżychlińskim	nieżychliński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżychliński	nieżychliński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżychliński	nieżychliński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżychlińsko	nieżychlińsko	adv:pos		
nieżychlińskościach	nieżychlińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskościami	nieżychlińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskością	nieżychlińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskości	nieżychlińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskości	nieżychlińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskości	nieżychlińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskości	nieżychlińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskości	nieżychlińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskościom	nieżychlińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskość	nieżychlińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżychlińskość	nieżychlińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajnościach	nieżyciodajność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajnościami	nieżyciodajność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajnością	nieżyciodajność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajności	nieżyciodajność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajności	nieżyciodajność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajności	nieżyciodajność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajności	nieżyciodajność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajności	nieżyciodajność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajnościom	nieżyciodajność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajność	nieżyciodajność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajność	nieżyciodajność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodajna	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciodajną	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciodajną	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciodajnego	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciodajnego	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodajnej	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciodajnej	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciodajnej	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciodajnemu	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodajne	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodajne	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodajne	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciodajne	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciodajni	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyciodajnych	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciodajnych	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodajnych	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodajnymi	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodajnym	nieżyciodajny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodajnym	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodajnym	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodajny	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciodajny	nieżyciodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciodawczościach	nieżyciodawczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczościami	nieżyciodawczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczością	nieżyciodawczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczości	nieżyciodawczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczości	nieżyciodawczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczości	nieżyciodawczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczości	nieżyciodawczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczości	nieżyciodawczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczościom	nieżyciodawczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczość	nieżyciodawczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawczość	nieżyciodawczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciodawcza	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciodawczą	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciodawczą	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciodawczego	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciodawczego	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodawczej	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciodawczej	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciodawczej	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciodawczemu	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodawcze	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodawcze	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodawcze	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciodawcze	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciodawczych	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciodawczych	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodawczych	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodawczymi	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodawczym	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciodawczym	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodawczym	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciodawczy	nieżyciodawczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyciodawczy	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciodawczy	nieżyciodawczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciorysowościach	nieżyciorysowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowościami	nieżyciorysowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowością	nieżyciorysowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowości	nieżyciorysowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowości	nieżyciorysowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowości	nieżyciorysowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowości	nieżyciorysowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowości	nieżyciorysowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowościom	nieżyciorysowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowość	nieżyciorysowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowość	nieżyciorysowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciorysowa	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciorysową	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciorysową	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciorysowego	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciorysowego	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowej	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciorysowej	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciorysowej	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciorysowemu	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowe	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowe	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowe	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciorysowe	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciorysowi	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyciorysowych	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciorysowych	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowych	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowymi	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowym	nieżyciorysowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowym	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowym	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciorysowy	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciorysowy	nieżyciorysowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciotworząca	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciotworzącą	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciotworzącą	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciotworzącego	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciotworzącego	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzącej	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciotworzącej	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciotworzącej	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciotworzącemu	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzące	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzące	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzące	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciotworzące	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciotworzących	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciotworzących	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzących	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzącymi	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzącym	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzącym	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzącym	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotworzący	nieżyciotworzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyciotworzący	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciotworzący	nieżyciotworzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciotwórczościach	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczościami	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczością	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczości	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczości	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczości	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczości	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczości	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczościom	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczość	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórczość	nieżyciotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciotwórcza	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciotwórczą	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciotwórczą	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciotwórczego	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciotwórczego	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczej	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciotwórczej	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciotwórczej	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciotwórczemu	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórcze	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórcze	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórcze	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciotwórcze	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczych	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciotwórczych	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczych	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczymi	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczym	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczym	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczym	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciotwórczy	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyciotwórczy	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciotwórczy	nieżyciotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciowo	nieżyciowo	adv:pos		
nieżyciowościach	nieżyciowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowościami	nieżyciowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowością	nieżyciowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowości	nieżyciowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowości	nieżyciowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowości	nieżyciowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowości	nieżyciowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowości	nieżyciowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowościom	nieżyciowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowość	nieżyciowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowość	nieżyciowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotnościach	nieżyciowrotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotnościami	nieżyciowrotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotnością	nieżyciowrotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotności	nieżyciowrotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotności	nieżyciowrotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotności	nieżyciowrotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotności	nieżyciowrotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotności	nieżyciowrotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotnościom	nieżyciowrotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotność	nieżyciowrotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotność	nieżyciowrotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciowrotna	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciowrotną	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciowrotną	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciowrotnego	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciowrotnego	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotnej	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciowrotnej	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciowrotnej	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciowrotnemu	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotne	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotne	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotne	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciowrotne	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciowrotni	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyciowrotnych	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciowrotnych	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotnych	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotnymi	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotnym	nieżyciowrotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotnym	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotnym	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowrotny	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciowrotny	nieżyciowrotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciowa	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciową	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciową	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciowego	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciowego	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowej	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciowej	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciowej	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciowemu	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowe	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowe	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowe	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciowe	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciowi	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyciowych	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciowych	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowych	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowymi	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowym	nieżyciowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciowym	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowym	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciowy	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciowy	nieżyciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciuradościach	nieżyciuradość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradościami	nieżyciuradość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradością	nieżyciuradość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradości	nieżyciuradość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradości	nieżyciuradość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradości	nieżyciuradość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradości	nieżyciuradość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradości	nieżyciuradość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradościom	nieżyciuradość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradość	nieżyciuradość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciuradość	nieżyciuradość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyciurada	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyciuradą	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyciuradą	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyciuradego	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyciuradego	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciuradej	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyciuradej	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyciuradej	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyciurademu	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciurade	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciurade	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciurade	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyciurade	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyciuradych	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyciuradych	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciuradych	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciuradymi	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciuradym	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyciuradym	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciuradym	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyciurady	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyciurady	nieżyciurady	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyciuradzi	nieżyciurady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyczeniowo	nieżyczeniowo	adv:pos		
nieżyczeniowościach	nieżyczeniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowościami	nieżyczeniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowością	nieżyczeniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowości	nieżyczeniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowości	nieżyczeniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowości	nieżyczeniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowości	nieżyczeniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowości	nieżyczeniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowościom	nieżyczeniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowość	nieżyczeniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowość	nieżyczeniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczeniowa	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyczeniową	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyczeniową	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyczeniowego	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyczeniowego	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowej	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyczeniowej	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyczeniowej	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyczeniowemu	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowe	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowe	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowe	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyczeniowe	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyczeniowi	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyczeniowych	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyczeniowych	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowych	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowymi	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowym	nieżyczeniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowym	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowym	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczeniowy	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyczeniowy	nieżyczeniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyczliwie	nieżyczliwie:d1	adv:pos		
nieżyczliwie	nieżyczliwie:d2	adv:pos		
nieżyczliwościach	nieżyczliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwościami	nieżyczliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwością	nieżyczliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwości	nieżyczliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwości	nieżyczliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwości	nieżyczliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwości	nieżyczliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwości	nieżyczliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwościom	nieżyczliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwość	nieżyczliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwość	nieżyczliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyczliwa	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyczliwą	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyczliwą	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyczliwego	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyczliwego	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwej	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyczliwej	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyczliwej	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyczliwemu	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyczliwi	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyczliwo	nieżyczliwy:a1	adja		
nieżyczliwych	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyczliwych	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwych	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwymi	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwym	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwym	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwym	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwy	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyczliwy	nieżyczliwy:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyczliwa	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyczliwą	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyczliwą	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyczliwego	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyczliwego	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwej	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyczliwej	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyczliwej	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyczliwemu	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyczliwe	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyczliwi	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyczliwych	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyczliwych	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwych	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwymi	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwym	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyczliwym	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwym	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyczliwy	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyczliwy	nieżyczliwy:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżydowscy	nieżydowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżydowska	nieżydowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżydowską	nieżydowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżydowską	nieżydowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżydowskich	nieżydowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżydowskich	nieżydowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydowskich	nieżydowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydowskiego	nieżydowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżydowskiego	nieżydowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydowskiej	nieżydowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżydowskiej	nieżydowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżydowskiej	nieżydowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżydowskiemu	nieżydowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydowskie	nieżydowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydowskie	nieżydowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydowskie	nieżydowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżydowskie	nieżydowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżydowskimi	nieżydowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydowskim	nieżydowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydowskim	nieżydowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydowskim	nieżydowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydowski	nieżydowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżydowski	nieżydowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżydowsko	nieżydowsko	adv:pos		
nieżydowskościach	nieżydowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskościami	nieżydowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskością	nieżydowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskości	nieżydowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskości	nieżydowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskości	nieżydowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskości	nieżydowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskości	nieżydowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskościom	nieżydowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskość	nieżydowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydowskość	nieżydowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczościach	nieżydożerczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczościami	nieżydożerczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczością	nieżydożerczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczości	nieżydożerczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczości	nieżydożerczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczości	nieżydożerczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczości	nieżydożerczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczości	nieżydożerczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczościom	nieżydożerczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczość	nieżydożerczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożerczość	nieżydożerczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżydożercza	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżydożerczą	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżydożerczą	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżydożerczego	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżydożerczego	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydożerczej	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżydożerczej	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżydożerczej	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżydożerczemu	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydożercze	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydożercze	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydożercze	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżydożercze	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżydożerczych	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżydożerczych	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydożerczych	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydożerczymi	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydożerczym	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżydożerczym	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydożerczym	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżydożerczy	nieżydożerczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżydożerczy	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżydożerczy	nieżydożerczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyjąca	nieżyjący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyjącą	nieżyjący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyjącą	nieżyjący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyjącego	nieżyjący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyjącego	nieżyjący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyjącej	nieżyjący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyjącej	nieżyjący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyjącej	nieżyjący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyjącemu	nieżyjący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyjące	nieżyjący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyjące	nieżyjący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyjące	nieżyjący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyjące	nieżyjący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyjących	nieżyjący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyjących	nieżyjący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyjących	nieżyjący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyjącymi	nieżyjący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyjącym	nieżyjący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyjącym	nieżyjący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyjącym	nieżyjący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyjący	nieżyjący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyjący	nieżyjący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyjący	nieżyjący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżylastościach	nieżylastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastościami	nieżylastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastością	nieżylastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastości	nieżylastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastości	nieżylastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastości	nieżylastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastości	nieżylastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastości	nieżylastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastościom	nieżylastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastość	nieżylastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylastość	nieżylastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylasta	nieżylasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżylastą	nieżylasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżylastą	nieżylasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżylastego	nieżylasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżylastego	nieżylasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylastej	nieżylasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżylastej	nieżylasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżylastej	nieżylasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżylastemu	nieżylasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylaste	nieżylasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylaste	nieżylasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylaste	nieżylasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżylaste	nieżylasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżylastych	nieżylasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżylastych	nieżylasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylastych	nieżylasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylastymi	nieżylasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylastym	nieżylasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylastym	nieżylasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylastym	nieżylasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylasty	nieżylasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżylasty	nieżylasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżylaści	nieżylasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyletkowościach	nieżyletkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowościami	nieżyletkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowością	nieżyletkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowości	nieżyletkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowości	nieżyletkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowości	nieżyletkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowości	nieżyletkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowości	nieżyletkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowościom	nieżyletkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowość	nieżyletkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowość	nieżyletkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyletkowa	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyletkową	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyletkową	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyletkowego	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyletkowego	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyletkowej	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyletkowej	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyletkowej	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyletkowemu	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyletkowe	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyletkowe	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyletkowe	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyletkowe	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyletkowi	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyletkowych	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyletkowych	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyletkowych	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyletkowymi	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyletkowym	nieżyletkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyletkowym	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyletkowym	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyletkowy	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyletkowy	nieżyletkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżylistościach	nieżylistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistościami	nieżylistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistością	nieżylistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistości	nieżylistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistości	nieżylistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistości	nieżylistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistości	nieżylistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistości	nieżylistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistościom	nieżylistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistość	nieżylistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylistość	nieżylistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylista	nieżylisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżylistą	nieżylisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżylistą	nieżylisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżylistego	nieżylisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżylistego	nieżylisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylistej	nieżylisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżylistej	nieżylisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżylistej	nieżylisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżylistemu	nieżylisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyliste	nieżylisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyliste	nieżylisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyliste	nieżylisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyliste	nieżylisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżylistych	nieżylisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżylistych	nieżylisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylistych	nieżylisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylistymi	nieżylisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylistym	nieżylisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylistym	nieżylisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylistym	nieżylisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylisty	nieżylisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżylisty	nieżylisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyliści	nieżylisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżylnościach	nieżylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylnościami	nieżylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylnością	nieżylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylności	nieżylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylności	nieżylność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylności	nieżylność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylności	nieżylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylności	nieżylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylnościom	nieżylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylność	nieżylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylność	nieżylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżylna	nieżylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżylną	nieżylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżylną	nieżylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżylnego	nieżylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżylnego	nieżylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylnej	nieżylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżylnej	nieżylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżylnej	nieżylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżylnemu	nieżylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylne	nieżylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylne	nieżylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylne	nieżylny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżylne	nieżylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżylni	nieżylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżylnych	nieżylny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżylnych	nieżylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylnych	nieżylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylnymi	nieżylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylnym	nieżylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżylnym	nieżylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylnym	nieżylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżylny	nieżylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżylny	nieżylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyłkowanościach	nieżyłkowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowanościami	nieżyłkowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowanością	nieżyłkowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaności	nieżyłkowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaności	nieżyłkowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaności	nieżyłkowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaności	nieżyłkowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaności	nieżyłkowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowanościom	nieżyłkowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaność	nieżyłkowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaność	nieżyłkowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowana	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyłkowaną	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyłkowaną	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyłkowanego	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyłkowanego	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowanej	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyłkowanej	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyłkowanej	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyłkowanemu	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowane	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowane	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowane	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyłkowane	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyłkowani	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyłkowanych	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyłkowanych	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowanych	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowanymi	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowanym	nieżyłkowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowanym	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowanym	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowany	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyłkowany	nieżyłkowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyłkowatościach	nieżyłkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatościami	nieżyłkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatością	nieżyłkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatości	nieżyłkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatości	nieżyłkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatości	nieżyłkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatości	nieżyłkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatości	nieżyłkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatościom	nieżyłkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatość	nieżyłkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowatość	nieżyłkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowaci	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyłkowata	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyłkowatą	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyłkowatą	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyłkowatego	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyłkowatego	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowatej	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyłkowatej	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyłkowatej	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyłkowatemu	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowate	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowate	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowate	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyłkowate	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyłkowatych	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyłkowatych	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowatych	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowatymi	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowatym	nieżyłkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowatym	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowatym	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowaty	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyłkowaty	nieżyłkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyłkowościach	nieżyłkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowościami	nieżyłkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowością	nieżyłkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowości	nieżyłkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowości	nieżyłkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowości	nieżyłkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowości	nieżyłkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowości	nieżyłkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowościom	nieżyłkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowość	nieżyłkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowość	nieżyłkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłkowa	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyłkową	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyłkową	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyłkowego	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyłkowego	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowej	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyłkowej	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyłkowej	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyłkowemu	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowe	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowe	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowe	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyłkowe	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyłkowi	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyłkowych	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyłkowych	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowych	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowymi	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowym	nieżyłkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłkowym	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowym	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłkowy	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyłkowy	nieżyłkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyłowatościach	nieżyłowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatościami	nieżyłowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatością	nieżyłowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatości	nieżyłowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatości	nieżyłowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatości	nieżyłowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatości	nieżyłowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatości	nieżyłowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatościom	nieżyłowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatość	nieżyłowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowatość	nieżyłowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowaci	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyłowata	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyłowatą	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyłowatą	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyłowatego	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyłowatego	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowatej	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyłowatej	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyłowatej	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyłowatemu	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowate	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowate	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowate	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyłowate	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyłowatych	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyłowatych	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowatych	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowatymi	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowatym	nieżyłowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowatym	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowatym	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowaty	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyłowaty	nieżyłowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyłowościach	nieżyłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowościami	nieżyłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowością	nieżyłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowości	nieżyłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowości	nieżyłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowości	nieżyłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowości	nieżyłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowości	nieżyłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowościom	nieżyłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowość	nieżyłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowość	nieżyłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyłowa	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyłową	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyłową	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyłowego	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyłowego	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowej	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyłowej	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyłowej	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyłowemu	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowe	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowe	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowe	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyłowe	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyłowi	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyłowych	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyłowych	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowych	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowymi	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowym	nieżyłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyłowym	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowym	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyłowy	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyłowy	nieżyłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrafia	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyrafią	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyrafią	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyrafich	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyrafich	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafich	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafiego	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyrafiego	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafiej	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyrafiej	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyrafiej	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyrafiemu	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafie	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafie	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafie	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyrafie	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyrafimi	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafim	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafim	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafim	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafi	nieżyrafi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyrafi	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyrafi	nieżyrafi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrafio	nieżyrafio	adv:pos		
nieżyrafiościach	nieżyrafiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiościami	nieżyrafiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiością	nieżyrafiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiości	nieżyrafiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiości	nieżyrafiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiości	nieżyrafiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiości	nieżyrafiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiości	nieżyrafiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiościom	nieżyrafiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiość	nieżyrafiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafiość	nieżyrafiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatościach	nieżyrafowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatościami	nieżyrafowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatością	nieżyrafowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatości	nieżyrafowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatości	nieżyrafowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatości	nieżyrafowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatości	nieżyrafowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatości	nieżyrafowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatościom	nieżyrafowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatość	nieżyrafowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowatość	nieżyrafowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrafowaci	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyrafowata	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyrafowatą	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyrafowatą	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyrafowatego	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyrafowatego	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafowatej	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyrafowatej	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyrafowatej	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyrafowatemu	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafowate	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafowate	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafowate	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyrafowate	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyrafowatych	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyrafowatych	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafowatych	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafowatymi	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafowatym	nieżyrafowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrafowatym	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafowatym	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrafowaty	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyrafowaty	nieżyrafowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrakowscy	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyrakowska	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyrakowską	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyrakowską	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyrakowskich	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyrakowskich	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskich	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskiego	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyrakowskiego	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskiej	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyrakowskiej	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyrakowskiej	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyrakowskiemu	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskie	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskie	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskie	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyrakowskie	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyrakowskimi	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskim	nieżyrakowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskim	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrakowskim	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrakowski	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyrakowski	nieżyrakowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrakowsko	nieżyrakowsko	adv:pos		
nieżyrakowskościach	nieżyrakowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskościami	nieżyrakowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskością	nieżyrakowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskości	nieżyrakowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskości	nieżyrakowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskości	nieżyrakowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskości	nieżyrakowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskości	nieżyrakowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskościom	nieżyrakowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskość	nieżyrakowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrakowskość	nieżyrakowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowościach	nieżyrandolowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowościami	nieżyrandolowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowością	nieżyrandolowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowości	nieżyrandolowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowości	nieżyrandolowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowości	nieżyrandolowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowości	nieżyrandolowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowości	nieżyrandolowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowościom	nieżyrandolowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowość	nieżyrandolowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowość	nieżyrandolowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrandolowa	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyrandolową	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyrandolową	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyrandolowego	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyrandolowego	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowej	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyrandolowej	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyrandolowej	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyrandolowemu	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowe	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowe	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowe	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyrandolowe	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyrandolowi	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyrandolowych	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyrandolowych	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowych	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowymi	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowym	nieżyrandolowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowym	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowym	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrandolowy	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyrandolowy	nieżyrandolowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrardowscy	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyrardowska	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyrardowską	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyrardowską	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyrardowskich	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyrardowskich	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskich	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskiego	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyrardowskiego	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskiej	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyrardowskiej	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyrardowskiej	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyrardowskiemu	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskie	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskie	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskie	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyrardowskie	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyrardowskimi	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskim	nieżyrardowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskim	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrardowskim	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrardowski	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyrardowski	nieżyrardowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrardowsko	nieżyrardowsko	adv:pos		
nieżyrardowskościach	nieżyrardowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskościami	nieżyrardowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskością	nieżyrardowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskości	nieżyrardowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskości	nieżyrardowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskości	nieżyrardowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskości	nieżyrardowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskości	nieżyrardowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskościom	nieżyrardowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskość	nieżyrardowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrardowskość	nieżyrardowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowościach	nieżyroskopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowościami	nieżyroskopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowością	nieżyroskopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowości	nieżyroskopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowości	nieżyroskopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowości	nieżyroskopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowości	nieżyroskopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowości	nieżyroskopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowościom	nieżyroskopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowość	nieżyroskopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowość	nieżyroskopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyroskopowa	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyroskopową	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyroskopową	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyroskopowego	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyroskopowego	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowej	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyroskopowej	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyroskopowej	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyroskopowemu	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowe	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowe	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowe	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyroskopowe	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyroskopowi	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyroskopowych	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyroskopowych	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowych	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowymi	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowym	nieżyroskopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowym	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowym	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyroskopowy	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyroskopowy	nieżyroskopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrzyńscy	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyrzyńska	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyrzyńską	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyrzyńską	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyrzyńskich	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyrzyńskich	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskich	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskiego	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyrzyńskiego	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskiej	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyrzyńskiej	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyrzyńskiej	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyrzyńskiemu	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskie	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskie	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskie	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskie	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskimi	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskim	nieżyrzyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskim	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrzyńskim	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyrzyński	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyrzyński	nieżyrzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyrzyńsko	nieżyrzyńsko	adv:pos		
nieżyrzyńskościach	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskościami	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskością	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskości	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskości	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskości	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskości	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskości	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskościom	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskość	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyrzyńskość	nieżyrzyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżycie	nieżyt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżycie	nieżyt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytach	nieżyt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytami	nieżyt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytem	nieżyt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyt	nieżyt	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytom	nieżyt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowi	nieżyt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytów	nieżyt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytu	nieżyt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyty	nieżyt	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnia	nieżytni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżytnią	nieżytni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżytnią	nieżytni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżytnich	nieżytni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżytnich	nieżytni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnich	nieżytni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniego	nieżytni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżytniego	nieżytni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytniej	nieżytni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżytniej	nieżytni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżytniej	nieżytni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżytniemu	nieżytni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytnie	nieżytni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnie	nieżytni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnie	nieżytni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżytnie	nieżytni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżytnimi	nieżytni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnim	nieżytni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnim	nieżytni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytnim	nieżytni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytni	nieżytni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżytni	nieżytni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżytni	nieżytni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżytnianościach	nieżytnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianościami	nieżytnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianością	nieżytnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianości	nieżytnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianości	nieżytnianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianości	nieżytnianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianości	nieżytnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianości	nieżytnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianościom	nieżytnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianość	nieżytnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnianość	nieżytnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniana	nieżytniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżytnianą	nieżytniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżytnianą	nieżytniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżytnianego	nieżytniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżytnianego	nieżytniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytnianej	nieżytniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżytnianej	nieżytniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżytnianej	nieżytniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżytnianemu	nieżytniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytniane	nieżytniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniane	nieżytniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniane	nieżytniany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżytniane	nieżytniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżytniani	nieżytniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżytnianych	nieżytniany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżytnianych	nieżytniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnianych	nieżytniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnianymi	nieżytniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnianym	nieżytniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnianym	nieżytniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytnianym	nieżytniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytniany	nieżytniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżytniany	nieżytniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżytniańscy	nieżytniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżytniańska	nieżytniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżytniańską	nieżytniański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżytniańską	nieżytniański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżytniańskich	nieżytniański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżytniańskich	nieżytniański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniańskich	nieżytniański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniańskiego	nieżytniański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżytniańskiego	nieżytniański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytniańskiej	nieżytniański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżytniańskiej	nieżytniański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżytniańskiej	nieżytniański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżytniańskiemu	nieżytniański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytniańskie	nieżytniański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniańskie	nieżytniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniańskie	nieżytniański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżytniańskie	nieżytniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżytniańskimi	nieżytniański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniańskim	nieżytniański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytniańskim	nieżytniański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytniańskim	nieżytniański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytniański	nieżytniański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżytniański	nieżytniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżytniańsko	nieżytniańsko	adv:pos		
nieżytniańskościach	nieżytniańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskościami	nieżytniańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskością	nieżytniańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskości	nieżytniańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskości	nieżytniańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskości	nieżytniańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskości	nieżytniańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskości	nieżytniańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskościom	nieżytniańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskość	nieżytniańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniańskość	nieżytniańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniościach	nieżytniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniościami	nieżytniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniością	nieżytniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniości	nieżytniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniości	nieżytniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniości	nieżytniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniości	nieżytniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniości	nieżytniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniościom	nieżytniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniość	nieżytniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytniość	nieżytniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnościach	nieżytność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnościami	nieżytność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnością	nieżytność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytności	nieżytność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytności	nieżytność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytności	nieżytność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytności	nieżytność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytności	nieżytność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytnościom	nieżytność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytność	nieżytność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytność	nieżytność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytna	nieżytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżytną	nieżytny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżytną	nieżytny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżytnego	nieżytny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżytnego	nieżytny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytnej	nieżytny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżytnej	nieżytny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżytnej	nieżytny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżytnemu	nieżytny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytne	nieżytny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytne	nieżytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytne	nieżytny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżytne	nieżytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżytni	nieżytny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżytnych	nieżytny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżytnych	nieżytny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnych	nieżytny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnymi	nieżytny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnym	nieżytny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytnym	nieżytny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytnym	nieżytny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytny	nieżytny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżytny	nieżytny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżytomierscy	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżytomierska	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżytomierską	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżytomierską	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżytomierskich	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżytomierskich	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytomierskich	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytomierskiego	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżytomierskiego	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytomierskiej	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżytomierskiej	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżytomierskiej	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżytomierskiemu	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytomierskie	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytomierskie	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytomierskie	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżytomierskie	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżytomierskimi	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytomierskim	nieżytomierski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytomierskim	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytomierskim	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytomierski	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżytomierski	nieżytomierski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżytomiersko	nieżytomiersko	adv:pos		
nieżytomierskościach	nieżytomierskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskościami	nieżytomierskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskością	nieżytomierskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskości	nieżytomierskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskości	nieżytomierskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskości	nieżytomierskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskości	nieżytomierskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskości	nieżytomierskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskościom	nieżytomierskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskość	nieżytomierskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytomierskość	nieżytomierskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowościach	nieżytowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowościami	nieżytowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowością	nieżytowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowości	nieżytowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowości	nieżytowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowości	nieżytowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowości	nieżytowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowości	nieżytowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowościom	nieżytowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowość	nieżytowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowość	nieżytowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżytowa	nieżytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżytową	nieżytowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżytową	nieżytowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżytowego	nieżytowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżytowego	nieżytowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytowej	nieżytowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżytowej	nieżytowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżytowej	nieżytowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżytowemu	nieżytowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytowe	nieżytowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytowe	nieżytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytowe	nieżytowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżytowe	nieżytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżytowi	nieżytowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżytowo	nieżytowy	adja		
nieżytowych	nieżytowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżytowych	nieżytowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytowych	nieżytowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytowymi	nieżytowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytowym	nieżytowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżytowym	nieżytowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytowym	nieżytowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżytowy	nieżytowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżytowy	nieżytowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywicielscy	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywicielska	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywicielską	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywicielską	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywicielskich	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywicielskich	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicielskich	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicielskiego	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywicielskiego	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicielskiej	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywicielskiej	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywicielskiej	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywicielskiemu	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicielskie	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicielskie	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicielskie	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywicielskie	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywicielskimi	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicielskim	nieżywicielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicielskim	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicielskim	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicielski	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywicielski	nieżywicielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywicielsko	nieżywicielsko	adv:pos		
nieżywicielskościach	nieżywicielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskościami	nieżywicielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskością	nieżywicielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskości	nieżywicielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskości	nieżywicielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskości	nieżywicielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskości	nieżywicielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskości	nieżywicielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskościom	nieżywicielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskość	nieżywicielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicielskość	nieżywicielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodnościach	nieżywicorodność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodnościami	nieżywicorodność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodnością	nieżywicorodność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodności	nieżywicorodność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodności	nieżywicorodność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodności	nieżywicorodność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodności	nieżywicorodność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodności	nieżywicorodność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodnościom	nieżywicorodność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodność	nieżywicorodność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodność	nieżywicorodność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicorodna	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywicorodną	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywicorodną	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywicorodnego	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywicorodnego	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicorodnej	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywicorodnej	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywicorodnej	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywicorodnemu	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicorodne	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicorodne	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicorodne	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywicorodne	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywicorodni	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywicorodnych	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywicorodnych	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicorodnych	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicorodnymi	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicorodnym	nieżywicorodny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicorodnym	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicorodnym	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicorodny	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywicorodny	nieżywicorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywicowatościach	nieżywicowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatościami	nieżywicowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatością	nieżywicowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatości	nieżywicowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatości	nieżywicowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatości	nieżywicowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatości	nieżywicowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatości	nieżywicowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatościom	nieżywicowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatość	nieżywicowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowatość	nieżywicowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowaci	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywicowata	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywicowatą	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywicowatą	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywicowatego	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywicowatego	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowatej	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywicowatej	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywicowatej	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywicowatemu	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowate	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowate	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowate	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywicowate	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywicowatych	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywicowatych	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowatych	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowatymi	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowatym	nieżywicowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowatym	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowatym	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowaty	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywicowaty	nieżywicowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywicowościach	nieżywicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowościami	nieżywicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowością	nieżywicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowości	nieżywicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowości	nieżywicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowości	nieżywicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowości	nieżywicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowości	nieżywicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowościom	nieżywicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowość	nieżywicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowość	nieżywicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicowa	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywicową	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywicową	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywicowego	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywicowego	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowej	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywicowej	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywicowej	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywicowemu	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowe	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowe	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowe	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywicowe	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywicowi	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywicowych	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywicowych	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowych	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowymi	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowym	nieżywicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicowym	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowym	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicowy	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywicowy	nieżywicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywiczarscy	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywiczarska	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywiczarską	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywiczarską	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywiczarskich	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywiczarskich	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskich	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskiego	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywiczarskiego	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskiej	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywiczarskiej	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywiczarskiej	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywiczarskiemu	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskie	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskie	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskie	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywiczarskie	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywiczarskimi	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskim	nieżywiczarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskim	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiczarskim	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiczarski	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywiczarski	nieżywiczarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywiczarsko	nieżywiczarsko	adv:pos		
nieżywiczarskościach	nieżywiczarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskościami	nieżywiczarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskością	nieżywiczarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskości	nieżywiczarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskości	nieżywiczarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskości	nieżywiczarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskości	nieżywiczarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskości	nieżywiczarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskościom	nieżywiczarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskość	nieżywiczarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczarskość	nieżywiczarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicznościach	nieżywiczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicznościami	nieżywiczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicznością	nieżywiczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczności	nieżywiczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczności	nieżywiczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczności	nieżywiczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczności	nieżywiczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczności	nieżywiczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywicznościom	nieżywiczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczność	nieżywiczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczność	nieżywiczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiczna	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywiczną	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywiczną	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywicznego	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywicznego	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicznej	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywicznej	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywicznej	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywicznemu	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiczne	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczne	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiczne	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywiczne	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywiczni	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywicznych	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywicznych	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicznych	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicznymi	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicznym	nieżywiczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywicznym	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywicznym	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiczny	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywiczny	nieżywiczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywieccy	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywiecka	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywiecką	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywiecką	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywieckich	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywieckich	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieckich	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieckiego	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywieckiego	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywieckiej	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywieckiej	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywieckiej	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywieckiemu	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywieckie	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieckie	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieckie	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywieckie	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywieckimi	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieckim	nieżywiecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieckim	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywieckim	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiecki	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywiecki	nieżywiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywiecko	nieżywiecko	adv:pos		
nieżywieckościach	nieżywieckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckościami	nieżywieckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckością	nieżywieckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckości	nieżywieckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckości	nieżywieckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckości	nieżywieckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckości	nieżywieckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckości	nieżywieckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckościom	nieżywieckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckość	nieżywieckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieckość	nieżywieckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowościach	nieżywieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowościami	nieżywieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowością	nieżywieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowości	nieżywieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowości	nieżywieniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowości	nieżywieniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowości	nieżywieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowości	nieżywieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowościom	nieżywieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowość	nieżywieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowość	nieżywieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywieniowa	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywieniową	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywieniową	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywieniowego	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywieniowego	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywieniowej	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywieniowej	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywieniowej	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywieniowemu	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywieniowe	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieniowe	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieniowe	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywieniowe	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywieniowi	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywieniowych	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywieniowych	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieniowych	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieniowymi	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieniowym	nieżywieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywieniowym	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywieniowym	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywieniowy	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywieniowy	nieżywieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywinnościach	nieżywinność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinnościami	nieżywinność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinnością	nieżywinność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinności	nieżywinność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinności	nieżywinność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinności	nieżywinność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinności	nieżywinność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinności	nieżywinność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinnościom	nieżywinność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinność	nieżywinność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinność	nieżywinność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywinna	nieżywinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywinną	nieżywinny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywinną	nieżywinny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywinnego	nieżywinny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywinnego	nieżywinny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywinnej	nieżywinny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywinnej	nieżywinny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywinnej	nieżywinny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywinnemu	nieżywinny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywinne	nieżywinny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywinne	nieżywinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywinne	nieżywinny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywinne	nieżywinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywinni	nieżywinny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywinnych	nieżywinny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywinnych	nieżywinny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywinnych	nieżywinny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywinnymi	nieżywinny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywinnym	nieżywinny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywinnym	nieżywinny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywinnym	nieżywinny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywinny	nieżywinny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywinny	nieżywinny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywiołowo	nieżywiołowo	adv:pos		
nieżywiołowościach	nieżywiołowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowościami	nieżywiołowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowością	nieżywiołowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowości	nieżywiołowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowości	nieżywiołowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowości	nieżywiołowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowości	nieżywiołowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowości	nieżywiołowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowościom	nieżywiołowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowość	nieżywiołowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowość	nieżywiołowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiołowa	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywiołową	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywiołową	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywiołowego	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywiołowego	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiołowej	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywiołowej	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywiołowej	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywiołowemu	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiołowe	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiołowe	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiołowe	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywiołowe	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywiołowi	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywiołowych	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywiołowych	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiołowych	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiołowymi	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiołowym	nieżywiołowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiołowym	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiołowym	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiołowy	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywiołowy	nieżywiołowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywiuchnościach	nieżywiuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchnościami	nieżywiuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchnością	nieżywiuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchności	nieżywiuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchności	nieżywiuchność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchności	nieżywiuchność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchności	nieżywiuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchności	nieżywiuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchnościom	nieżywiuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchność	nieżywiuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchność	nieżywiuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiuchna	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywiuchną	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywiuchną	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywiuchnego	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywiuchnego	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiuchnej	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywiuchnej	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywiuchnej	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywiuchnemu	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiuchne	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiuchne	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiuchne	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywiuchne	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywiuchni	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywiuchnych	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywiuchnych	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiuchnych	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiuchnymi	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiuchnym	nieżywiuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiuchnym	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiuchnym	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiuchny	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywiuchny	nieżywiuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywiutcy	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywiutka	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywiutką	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywiutką	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywiutkich	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywiutkich	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiutkich	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiutkiego	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywiutkiego	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiutkiej	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywiutkiej	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywiutkiej	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywiutkiemu	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiutkie	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiutkie	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiutkie	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywiutkie	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywiutkimi	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiutkim	nieżywiutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywiutkim	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiutkim	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywiutki	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywiutki	nieżywiutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywiutko	nieżywiutko	adv:pos		
nieżywiutkościach	nieżywiutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkościami	nieżywiutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkością	nieżywiutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkości	nieżywiutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkości	nieżywiutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkości	nieżywiutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkości	nieżywiutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkości	nieżywiutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkościom	nieżywiutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkość	nieżywiutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywiutkość	nieżywiutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowo	nieżywnościowo	adv:pos		
nieżywnościowościach	nieżywnościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowościami	nieżywnościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowością	nieżywnościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowości	nieżywnościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowości	nieżywnościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowości	nieżywnościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowości	nieżywnościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowości	nieżywnościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowościom	nieżywnościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowość	nieżywnościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowość	nieżywnościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościowa	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywnościową	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywnościową	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywnościowego	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywnościowego	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywnościowej	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywnościowej	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywnościowej	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywnościowemu	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywnościowe	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnościowe	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnościowe	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywnościowe	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywnościowi	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywnościowych	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywnościowych	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnościowych	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnościowymi	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnościowym	nieżywnościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnościowym	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywnościowym	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywnościowy	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywnościowy	nieżywnościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywnościach	nieżywność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościami	nieżywność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnością	nieżywność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywności	nieżywność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywności	nieżywność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywności	nieżywność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywności	nieżywność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywności	nieżywność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywnościom	nieżywność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywność	nieżywność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywność	nieżywność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywna	nieżywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywną	nieżywny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywną	nieżywny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywnego	nieżywny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywnego	nieżywny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywnej	nieżywny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywnej	nieżywny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywnej	nieżywny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywnemu	nieżywny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywne	nieżywny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywne	nieżywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywne	nieżywny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywne	nieżywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywni	nieżywny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywnych	nieżywny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywnych	nieżywny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnych	nieżywny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnymi	nieżywny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnym	nieżywny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywnym	nieżywny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywnym	nieżywny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywny	nieżywny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywny	nieżywny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywo	nieżywo	adv:pos		
nieżywociarscy	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywociarska	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywociarską	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywociarską	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywociarskich	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywociarskich	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywociarskich	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywociarskiego	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywociarskiego	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywociarskiej	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywociarskiej	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywociarskiej	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywociarskiemu	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywociarskie	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywociarskie	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywociarskie	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywociarskie	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywociarskimi	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywociarskim	nieżywociarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywociarskim	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywociarskim	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywociarski	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywociarski	nieżywociarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywociarsko	nieżywociarsko	adv:pos		
nieżywociarskościach	nieżywociarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskościami	nieżywociarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskością	nieżywociarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskości	nieżywociarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskości	nieżywociarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskości	nieżywociarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskości	nieżywociarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskości	nieżywociarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskościom	nieżywociarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskość	nieżywociarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywociarskość	nieżywociarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostnościach	nieżywokostność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostnościami	nieżywokostność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostnością	nieżywokostność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostności	nieżywokostność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostności	nieżywokostność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostności	nieżywokostność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostności	nieżywokostność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostności	nieżywokostność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostnościom	nieżywokostność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostność	nieżywokostność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostność	nieżywokostność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostna	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywokostną	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywokostną	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywokostnego	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywokostnego	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostnej	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywokostnej	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywokostnej	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywokostnemu	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostne	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostne	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostne	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywokostne	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywokostni	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywokostnych	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywokostnych	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostnych	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostnymi	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostnym	nieżywokostny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostnym	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostnym	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostny	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywokostny	nieżywokostny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywokostowościach	nieżywokostowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowościami	nieżywokostowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowością	nieżywokostowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowości	nieżywokostowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowości	nieżywokostowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowości	nieżywokostowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowości	nieżywokostowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowości	nieżywokostowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowościom	nieżywokostowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowość	nieżywokostowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowość	nieżywokostowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywokostowa	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywokostową	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywokostową	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywokostowego	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywokostowego	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostowej	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywokostowej	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywokostowej	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywokostowemu	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostowe	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostowe	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostowe	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywokostowe	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywokostowi	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywokostowych	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywokostowych	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostowych	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostowymi	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostowym	nieżywokostowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywokostowym	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostowym	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywokostowy	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywokostowy	nieżywokostowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywopłotowościach	nieżywopłotowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowościami	nieżywopłotowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowością	nieżywopłotowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowości	nieżywopłotowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowości	nieżywopłotowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowości	nieżywopłotowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowości	nieżywopłotowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowości	nieżywopłotowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowościom	nieżywopłotowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowość	nieżywopłotowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowość	nieżywopłotowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywopłotowa	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywopłotową	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywopłotową	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywopłotowego	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywopłotowego	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowej	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywopłotowej	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywopłotowej	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywopłotowemu	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowe	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowe	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowe	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywopłotowe	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywopłotowi	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywopłotowych	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywopłotowych	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowych	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowymi	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowym	nieżywopłotowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowym	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowym	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywopłotowy	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywopłotowy	nieżywopłotowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyworodnie	nieżyworodnie	adv:pos		
nieżyworodnościach	nieżyworodność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodnościami	nieżyworodność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodnością	nieżyworodność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodności	nieżyworodność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodności	nieżyworodność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodności	nieżyworodność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodności	nieżyworodność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodności	nieżyworodność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodnościom	nieżyworodność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodność	nieżyworodność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodność	nieżyworodność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyworodna	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyworodną	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyworodną	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyworodnego	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyworodnego	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyworodnej	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyworodnej	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyworodnej	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyworodnemu	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyworodne	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyworodne	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyworodne	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyworodne	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyworodni	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyworodnych	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyworodnych	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyworodnych	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyworodnymi	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyworodnym	nieżyworodny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyworodnym	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyworodnym	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyworodny	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyworodny	nieżyworodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywościach	nieżywość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywościami	nieżywość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywością	nieżywość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywości	nieżywość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywości	nieżywość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywości	nieżywość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywości	nieżywość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywości	nieżywość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywościom	nieżywość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywość	nieżywość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywość	nieżywość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotnia	nieżywotni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywotnią	nieżywotni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywotnią	nieżywotni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywotnich	nieżywotni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywotnich	nieżywotni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnich	nieżywotni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotniego	nieżywotni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywotniego	nieżywotni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotniej	nieżywotni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywotniej	nieżywotni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywotniej	nieżywotni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywotniemu	nieżywotni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotnie	nieżywotni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnie	nieżywotni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnie	nieżywotni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywotnie	nieżywotni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywotnimi	nieżywotni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnim	nieżywotni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnim	nieżywotni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotnim	nieżywotni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotni	nieżywotni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywotni	nieżywotni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywotni	nieżywotni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywotnie	nieżywotnie	adv:pos		
nieżywotnio	nieżywotnio	adv:pos		
nieżywotniościach	nieżywotniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniościami	nieżywotniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniością	nieżywotniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniości	nieżywotniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniości	nieżywotniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniości	nieżywotniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniości	nieżywotniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniości	nieżywotniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniościom	nieżywotniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniość	nieżywotniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotniość	nieżywotniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotnościach	nieżywotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotnościami	nieżywotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotnością	nieżywotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotności	nieżywotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotności	nieżywotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotności	nieżywotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotności	nieżywotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotności	nieżywotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotnościom	nieżywotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotność	nieżywotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotność	nieżywotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotna	nieżywotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywotną	nieżywotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywotną	nieżywotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywotnego	nieżywotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywotnego	nieżywotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotnej	nieżywotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywotnej	nieżywotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywotnej	nieżywotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywotnemu	nieżywotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotne	nieżywotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotne	nieżywotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotne	nieżywotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywotne	nieżywotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywotni	nieżywotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywotnych	nieżywotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywotnych	nieżywotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnych	nieżywotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnymi	nieżywotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnym	nieżywotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotnym	nieżywotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotnym	nieżywotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotny	nieżywotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywotny	nieżywotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywotwórczościach	nieżywotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczościami	nieżywotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczością	nieżywotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczości	nieżywotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczości	nieżywotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczości	nieżywotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczości	nieżywotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczości	nieżywotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczościom	nieżywotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczość	nieżywotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórczość	nieżywotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżywotwórcza	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywotwórczą	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywotwórczą	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywotwórczego	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywotwórczego	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotwórczej	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywotwórczej	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywotwórczej	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywotwórczemu	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotwórcze	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotwórcze	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotwórcze	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywotwórcze	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywotwórczych	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywotwórczych	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotwórczych	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotwórczymi	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotwórczym	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywotwórczym	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotwórczym	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywotwórczy	nieżywotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżywotwórczy	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywotwórczy	nieżywotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywa	nieżywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżywą	nieżywy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżywą	nieżywy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżywego	nieżywy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżywego	nieżywy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywej	nieżywy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżywej	nieżywy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżywej	nieżywy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżywemu	nieżywy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywe	nieżywy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywe	nieżywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywe	nieżywy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżywe	nieżywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżywi	nieżywy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyw	nieżywy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyw	nieżywy	adj:sg:nom:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżywych	nieżywy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżywych	nieżywy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywych	nieżywy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywymi	nieżywy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywym	nieżywy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżywym	nieżywy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywym	nieżywy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżywy	nieżywy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżywy	nieżywy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyznorodnościach	nieżyznorodność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodnościami	nieżyznorodność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodnością	nieżyznorodność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodności	nieżyznorodność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodności	nieżyznorodność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodności	nieżyznorodność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodności	nieżyznorodność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodności	nieżyznorodność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodnościom	nieżyznorodność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodność	nieżyznorodność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodność	nieżyznorodność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznorodna	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyznorodną	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyznorodną	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyznorodnego	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyznorodnego	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznorodnej	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyznorodnej	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyznorodnej	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyznorodnemu	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznorodne	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznorodne	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznorodne	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyznorodne	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyznorodni	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyznorodnych	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyznorodnych	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznorodnych	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznorodnymi	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznorodnym	nieżyznorodny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznorodnym	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznorodnym	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznorodny	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyznorodny	nieżyznorodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyznościowościach	nieżyznościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowościami	nieżyznościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowością	nieżyznościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowości	nieżyznościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowości	nieżyznościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowości	nieżyznościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowości	nieżyznościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowości	nieżyznościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowościom	nieżyznościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowość	nieżyznościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowość	nieżyznościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościowa	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyznościową	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyznościową	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyznościowego	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyznościowego	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznościowej	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyznościowej	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyznościowej	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyznościowemu	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznościowe	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznościowe	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznościowe	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyznościowe	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyznościowi	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyznościowych	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyznościowych	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznościowych	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznościowymi	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznościowym	nieżyznościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznościowym	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznościowym	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznościowy	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyznościowy	nieżyznościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyznościach	nieżyzność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościami	nieżyzność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznością	nieżyzność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzności	nieżyzność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzności	nieżyzność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzności	nieżyzność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzności	nieżyzność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzności	nieżyzność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyznościom	nieżyzność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzność	nieżyzność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzność	nieżyzność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyzna	nieżyzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyzną	nieżyzny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyzną	nieżyzny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyznego	nieżyzny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyznego	nieżyzny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznej	nieżyzny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyznej	nieżyzny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyznej	nieżyzny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyznemu	nieżyzny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyzne	nieżyzny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyzne	nieżyzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyzne	nieżyzny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyzne	nieżyzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyznych	nieżyzny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyznych	nieżyzny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznych	nieżyzny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznymi	nieżyzny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznym	nieżyzny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyznym	nieżyzny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyznym	nieżyzny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyzny	nieżyzny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyzny	nieżyzny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżyźni	nieżyzny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyźnie	nieżyźnie	adv:pos		
nieżyźnościach	nieżyźność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźnościami	nieżyźność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźnością	nieżyźność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźności	nieżyźność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźności	nieżyźność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźności	nieżyźność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźności	nieżyźność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźności	nieżyźność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźnościom	nieżyźność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźność	nieżyźność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźność	nieżyźność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieżyźna	nieżyźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieżyźną	nieżyźny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieżyźną	nieżyźny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieżyźnego	nieżyźny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieżyźnego	nieżyźny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyźnej	nieżyźny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieżyźnej	nieżyźny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieżyźnej	nieżyźny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieżyźnemu	nieżyźny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyźne	nieżyźny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyźne	nieżyźny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyźne	nieżyźny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieżyźne	nieżyźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieżyźni	nieżyźny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieżyźnych	nieżyźny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieżyźnych	nieżyźny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyźnych	nieżyźny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyźnymi	nieżyźny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyźnym	nieżyźny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieżyźnym	nieżyźny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyźnym	nieżyźny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieżyźny	nieżyźny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieżyźny	nieżyźny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieżarciach	zrzeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciami	zrzeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarcia	zrzeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarcia	zrzeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciem	zrzeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarcie	zrzeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciom	zrzeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciu	zrzeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarci	zrzeć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżarć	zrzeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarta	zrzeć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartą	zrzeć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartego	zrzeć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżartego	zrzeć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartej	zrzeć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartemu	zrzeć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarte	zrzeć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarte	zrzeć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartych	zrzeć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżartych	zrzeć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartymi	zrzeć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartym	zrzeć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartym	zrzeć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarty	zrzeć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżarty	zrzeć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżrąca	zrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżrącą	zrzeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżrącego	zrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżrącego	zrzeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącej	zrzeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżrącemu	zrzeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrące	zrzeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrące	zrzeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżrących	zrzeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżrących	zrzeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącymi	zrzeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącym	zrzeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącym	zrzeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrący	zrzeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżrący	zrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżrący	zrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżachająca	żachać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżachającą	żachać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżachającego	żachać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżachającego	żachać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżachającej	żachać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżachającemu	żachać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżachające	żachać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżachające	żachać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachających	żachać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżachających	żachać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżachającymi	żachać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżachającym	żachać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżachającym	żachać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżachający	żachać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżachający	żachać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżachający	żachać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżachaniach	żachać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachaniami	żachać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachania	żachać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachania	żachać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachaniem	żachać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachanie	żachać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachaniom	żachać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachaniu	żachać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachań	żachać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżachnięciach	żachnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięciami	żachnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięcia	żachnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięcia	żachnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięciem	żachnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięcie	żachnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięciom	żachnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięciu	żachnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieżachnięć	żachnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieżaglowana	żaglować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowaną	żaglować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanego	żaglować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanego	żaglować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanej	żaglować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanemu	żaglować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowane	żaglować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowane	żaglować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowaniach	żaglować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowaniami	żaglować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowania	żaglować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowania	żaglować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowaniem	żaglować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanie	żaglować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowaniom	żaglować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowaniu	żaglować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowani	żaglować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanych	żaglować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanych	żaglować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanymi	żaglować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanym	żaglować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowanym	żaglować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowany	żaglować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowany	żaglować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżaglowań	żaglować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglująca	żaglować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującą	żaglować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującego	żaglować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującego	żaglować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującej	żaglować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującemu	żaglować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglujące	żaglować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglujące	żaglować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglujących	żaglować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżaglujących	żaglować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującymi	żaglować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującym	żaglować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglującym	żaglować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżaglujący	żaglować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżaglujący	żaglować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżaglujący	żaglować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiąca	żagwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącą	żagwić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącego	żagwić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącego	żagwić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącej	żagwić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącemu	żagwić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiące	żagwić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiące	żagwić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiących	żagwić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiących	żagwić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącymi	żagwić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącym	żagwić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiącym	żagwić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiący	żagwić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiący	żagwić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżagwiący	żagwić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżagwieniach	żagwić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwieniami	żagwić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwienia	żagwić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwienia	żagwić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwieniem	żagwić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwienie	żagwić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwieniom	żagwić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwieniu	żagwić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżagwień	żagwić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniach	żakować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniami	żakować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowania	żakować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowania	żakować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniem	żakować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanie	żakować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniom	żakować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniu	żakować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowań	żakować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakująca	żakować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakującą	żakować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakującego	żakować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżakującego	żakować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującej	żakować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakującemu	żakować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujące	żakować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujące	żakować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujących	żakować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżakujących	żakować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującymi	żakować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującym	żakować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującym	żakować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujący	żakować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżakujący	żakować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżakujący	żakować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżakowana	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaną	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanego	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanego	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanej	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanemu	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowane	żakować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowane	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniach	żakować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniami	żakować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowania	żakować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowania	żakować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniem	żakować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanie	żakować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniom	żakować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowaniu	żakować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowani	żakować:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanych	żakować:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanych	żakować:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanymi	żakować:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanym	żakować:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowanym	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakowany	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżakowany	żakować:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżakowań	żakować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakująca	żakować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakującą	żakować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakującego	żakować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżakującego	żakować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującej	żakować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżakującemu	żakować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujące	żakować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujące	żakować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujących	żakować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżakujących	żakować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującymi	żakować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującym	żakować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakującym	żakować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżakujący	żakować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżakujący	żakować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżakujący	żakować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżaląca	żalić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżalącą	żalić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżalącego	żalić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżalącego	żalić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżalącej	żalić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżalącemu	żalić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżalące	żalić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżalące	żalić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżalących	żalić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżalących	żalić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżalącymi	żalić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżalącym	żalić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżalącym	żalić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżalący	żalić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżalący	żalić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżalący	żalić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżaleniach	żalić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaleniami	żalić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżalenia	żalić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżalenia	żalić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaleniem	żalić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżalenie	żalić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaleniom	żalić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaleniu	żalić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżaleń	żalić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiąca	żałobić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącą	żałobić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącego	żałobić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącego	żałobić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącej	żałobić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącemu	żałobić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiące	żałobić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiące	żałobić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiących	żałobić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiących	żałobić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącymi	żałobić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącym	żałobić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiącym	żałobić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiący	żałobić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiący	żałobić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżałobiący	żałobić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżałobieniach	żałobić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobieniami	żałobić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobienia	żałobić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobienia	żałobić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobieniem	żałobić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobienie	żałobić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobieniom	żałobić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobieniu	żałobić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałobień	żałobić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowana	żałować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałowaną	żałować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanego	żałować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanego	żałować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanej	żałować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanemu	żałować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowane	żałować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowane	żałować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowaniach	żałować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowaniami	żałować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowania	żałować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowania	żałować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowaniem	żałować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanie	żałować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowaniom	żałować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowaniu	żałować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowani	żałować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanych	żałować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanych	żałować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanymi	żałować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanym	żałować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowanym	żałować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałowany	żałować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżałowany	żałować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżałowań	żałować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałująca	żałować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałującą	żałować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałującego	żałować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżałującego	żałować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałującej	żałować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżałującemu	żałować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałujące	żałować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałujące	żałować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżałujących	żałować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżałujących	żałować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałującymi	żałować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałującym	żałować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałującym	żałować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżałujący	żałować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżałujący	żałować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżałujący	żałować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżartowaniach	żartować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowaniami	żartować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowania	żartować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowania	żartować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowaniem	żartować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowanie	żartować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowaniom	żartować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowaniu	żartować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartowań	żartować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartująca	żartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartującą	żartować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartującego	żartować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżartującego	żartować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartującej	żartować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartującemu	żartować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartujące	żartować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartujące	żartować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartujących	żartować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżartujących	żartować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartującymi	żartować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartującym	żartować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartującym	żartować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartujący	żartować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżartujący	żartować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżartujący	żartować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżarząca	żarzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącą	żarzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącego	żarzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącego	żarzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącej	żarzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącemu	żarzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzące	żarzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzące	żarzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzących	żarzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżarzących	żarzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącymi	żarzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącym	żarzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzącym	żarzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzący	żarzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżarzący	żarzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżarzący	żarzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżarzeniach	żarzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzeniami	żarzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzenia	żarzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzenia	żarzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzeniem	żarzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzenie	żarzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzeniom	żarzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzeniu	żarzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzeni	żarzyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżarzeń	żarzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzona	żarzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżarzoną	żarzyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonego	żarzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonego	żarzyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonej	żarzyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonemu	żarzyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzone	żarzyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzone	żarzyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonych	żarzyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonych	żarzyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonymi	żarzyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonym	żarzyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzonym	żarzyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarzony	żarzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżarzony	żarzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżęciach	żąć:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciami	żąć:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęcia	żąć:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęcia	żąć:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciem	żąć:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęcie	żąć:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciom	żąć:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciu	żąć:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęci	żąć:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżęć	żąć:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęta	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżętą	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżętego	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżętego	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętej	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżętemu	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżęte	żąć:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżęte	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżętych	żąć:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżętych	żąć:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętymi	żąć:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętym	żąć:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętym	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżęty	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżęty	żąć:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżmąca	żąć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmącą	żąć:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmącego	żąć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżmącego	żąć:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmącej	żąć:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmącemu	żąć:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmące	żąć:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmące	żąć:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmących	żąć:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżmących	żąć:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmącymi	żąć:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmącym	żąć:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmącym	żąć:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmący	żąć:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżmący	żąć:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżmący	żąć:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżęciach	żąć:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciami	żąć:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęcia	żąć:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęcia	żąć:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciem	żąć:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęcie	żąć:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciom	żąć:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęciu	żąć:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęci	żąć:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżęć	żąć:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżęta	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżętą	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżętego	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżętego	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętej	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżętemu	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżęte	żąć:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżęte	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżętych	żąć:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżętych	żąć:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętymi	żąć:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętym	żąć:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżętym	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżęty	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżęty	żąć:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżnąca	żąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżnącą	żąć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżnącego	żąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżnącego	żąć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżnącej	żąć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżnącemu	żąć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżnące	żąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżnące	żąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżnących	żąć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżnących	żąć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżnącymi	żąć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżnącym	żąć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżnącym	żąć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżnący	żąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżnący	żąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżnący	żąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądająca	żądać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądającą	żądać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądającego	żądać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżądającego	żądać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądającej	żądać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądającemu	żądać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądające	żądać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądające	żądać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądających	żądać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądających	żądać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądającymi	żądać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądającym	żądać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądającym	żądać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądający	żądać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądający	żądać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądający	żądać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądana	żądać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądaną	żądać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądanego	żądać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżądanego	żądać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądanej	żądać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądanemu	żądać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądane	żądać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądane	żądać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądaniach	żądać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądaniami	żądać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądania	żądać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądania	żądać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądaniem	żądać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądanie	żądać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądaniom	żądać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądaniu	żądać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądani	żądać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądanych	żądać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądanych	żądać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądanymi	żądać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądanym	żądać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądanym	żądać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądany	żądać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądany	żądać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądań	żądać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądląca	żądlić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącą	żądlić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącego	żądlić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącego	żądlić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącej	żądlić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącemu	żądlić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlące	żądlić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlące	żądlić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlących	żądlić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądlących	żądlić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącymi	żądlić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącym	żądlić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlącym	żądlić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlący	żądlić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądlący	żądlić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądlący	żądlić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądleniach	żądlić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądleniami	żądlić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlenia	żądlić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlenia	żądlić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądleniem	żądlić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlenie	żądlić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądleniom	żądlić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądleniu	żądlić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądleni	żądlić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądleń	żądlić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlona	żądlić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądloną	żądlić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonego	żądlić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonego	żądlić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonej	żądlić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonemu	żądlić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlone	żądlić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlone	żądlić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonych	żądlić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonych	żądlić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonymi	żądlić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonym	żądlić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlonym	żądlić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżądlony	żądlić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżądlony	żądlić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebracząca	żebraczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącą	żebraczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącego	żebraczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącego	żebraczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącej	żebraczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącemu	żebraczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczące	żebraczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczące	żebraczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczących	żebraczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczących	żebraczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącymi	żebraczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącym	żebraczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczącym	żebraczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczący	żebraczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczący	żebraczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczący	żebraczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczeniach	żebraczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczeniami	żebraczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczenia	żebraczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczenia	żebraczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczeniem	żebraczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczenie	żebraczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczeniom	żebraczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczeniu	żebraczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraczeń	żebraczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrająca	żebrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającą	żebrać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającego	żebrać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającego	żebrać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającej	żebrać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającemu	żebrać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrające	żebrać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrające	żebrać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrających	żebrać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrających	żebrać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającymi	żebrać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającym	żebrać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrającym	żebrać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrający	żebrać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrający	żebrać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebrający	żebrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżebraniach	żebrać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraniami	żebrać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrania	żebrać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrania	żebrać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraniem	żebrać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebranie	żebrać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraniom	żebrać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebraniu	żebrać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrań	żebrać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrząca	żebrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącą	żebrać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącego	żebrać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącego	żebrać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącej	żebrać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącemu	żebrać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzące	żebrać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzące	żebrać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzących	żebrać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzących	żebrać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącymi	żebrać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącym	żebrać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącym	żebrać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzący	żebrać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzący	żebrać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzący	żebrać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowana	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaną	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanego	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanego	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanej	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanemu	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowane	żebrować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowane	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniach	żebrować:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniami	żebrować:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowania	żebrować:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowania	żebrować:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniem	żebrować:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanie	żebrować:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniom	żebrować:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniu	żebrować:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowani	żebrować:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanych	żebrować:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanych	żebrować:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanymi	żebrować:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanym	żebrować:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanym	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowany	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowany	żebrować:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowań	żebrować:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrująca	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującą	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującego	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującego	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującej	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującemu	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujące	żebrować:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujące	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujących	żebrować:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujących	żebrować:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującymi	żebrować:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującym	żebrować:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującym	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujący	żebrować:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujący	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujący	żebrować:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniach	żebrować:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniami	żebrować:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowania	żebrować:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowania	żebrować:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniem	żebrować:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowanie	żebrować:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniom	żebrować:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowaniu	żebrować:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrowań	żebrować:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrująca	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującą	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującego	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującego	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującej	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującemu	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujące	żebrować:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujące	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujących	żebrować:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujących	żebrować:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującymi	żebrować:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującym	żebrować:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrującym	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujący	żebrować:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujący	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrujący	żebrować:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrząca	żebrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącą	żebrzeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącego	żebrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącego	żebrzeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącej	żebrzeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącemu	żebrzeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzące	żebrzeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzące	żebrzeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzących	żebrzeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzących	żebrzeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącymi	żebrzeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącym	żebrzeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzącym	żebrzeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzący	żebrzeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzący	żebrzeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzący	żebrzeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzeniach	żebrzeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzeniami	żebrzeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzenia	żebrzeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzenia	żebrzeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzeniem	żebrzeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzenie	żebrzeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzeniom	żebrzeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzeniu	żebrzeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżebrzeń	żebrzeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnąca	żec	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącą	żec	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącego	żec	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącego	żec	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącej	żec	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącemu	żec	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnące	żec	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnące	żec	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnących	żec	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnących	żec	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącymi	żec	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącym	żec	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnącym	żec	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnący	żec	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnący	żec	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnący	żec	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięciach	żec	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięciami	żec	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięcia	żec	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięcia	żec	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięciem	żec	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięcie	żec	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięciom	żec	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięciu	żec	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięci	żec	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięć	żec	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięta	żec	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętą	żec	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętego	żec	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętego	żec	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętej	żec	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętemu	żec	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięte	żec	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięte	żec	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętych	żec	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętych	żec	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętymi	żec	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętym	żec	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegniętym	żec	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięty	żec	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnięty	żec	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgąca	żec	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącą	żec	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącego	żec	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącego	żec	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącej	żec	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącemu	żec	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgące	żec	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgące	żec	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgących	żec	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgących	żec	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącymi	żec	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącym	żec	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgącym	żec	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgący	żec	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgący	żec	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżgący	żec	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżeniach	żec	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżeniami	żec	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżenia	żec	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżenia	żec	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżeniem	żec	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżenie	żec	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżeniom	żec	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżeniu	żec	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżeni	żec	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżeń	żec	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżona	żec	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżoną	żec	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonego	żec	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonego	żec	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonej	żec	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonemu	żec	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżone	żec	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżone	żec	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonych	żec	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonych	żec	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonymi	żec	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonym	żec	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżonym	żec	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżony	żec	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżżony	żec	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		niezal.
nieżeglowaniach	żeglować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowaniami	żeglować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowania	żeglować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowania	żeglować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowaniem	żeglować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowanie	żeglować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowaniom	żeglować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowaniu	żeglować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglowań	żeglować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglująca	żeglować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującą	żeglować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującego	żeglować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującego	żeglować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującej	żeglować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującemu	żeglować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglujące	żeglować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglujące	żeglować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglujących	żeglować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżeglujących	żeglować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującymi	żeglować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującym	żeglować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglującym	żeglować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeglujący	żeglować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżeglujący	żeglować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżeglujący	żeglować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnająca	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającą	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającego	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającego	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającej	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającemu	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnające	żegnać:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnające	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnających	żegnać:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnających	żegnać:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającymi	żegnać:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającym	żegnać:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającym	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnający	żegnać:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnający	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnający	żegnać:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnana	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaną	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanego	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanego	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanej	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanemu	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnane	żegnać:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnane	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniach	żegnać:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniami	żegnać:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnania	żegnać:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnania	żegnać:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniem	żegnać:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanie	żegnać:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniom	żegnać:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniu	żegnać:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnani	żegnać:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanych	żegnać:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanych	żegnać:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanymi	żegnać:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanym	żegnać:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanym	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnany	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnany	żegnać:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnań	żegnać:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnająca	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającą	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającego	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającego	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającej	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającemu	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnające	żegnać:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnające	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnających	żegnać:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnających	żegnać:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającymi	żegnać:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającym	żegnać:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnającym	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnający	żegnać:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnający	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnający	żegnać:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnana	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaną	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanego	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanego	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanej	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanemu	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnane	żegnać:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnane	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniach	żegnać:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniami	żegnać:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnania	żegnać:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnania	żegnać:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniem	żegnać:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanie	żegnać:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniom	żegnać:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnaniu	żegnać:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnani	żegnać:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanych	żegnać:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanych	żegnać:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanymi	żegnać:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanym	żegnać:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnanym	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegnany	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnany	żegnać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegnań	żegnać:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocąca	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącą	żegotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącego	żegotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącego	żegotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącej	żegotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącemu	żegotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocące	żegotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocące	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocących	żegotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegocących	żegotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącymi	żegotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącym	żegotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocącym	żegotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegocący	żegotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegocący	żegotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegocący	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegocząca	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącą	żegotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącego	żegotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącego	żegotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącej	żegotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącemu	żegotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczące	żegotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczące	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczących	żegotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczących	żegotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącymi	żegotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącym	żegotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczącym	żegotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczący	żegotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczący	żegotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegoczący	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżegotająca	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającą	żegotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającego	żegotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającego	żegotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającej	żegotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającemu	żegotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotające	żegotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotające	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotających	żegotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotających	żegotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającymi	żegotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającym	żegotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotającym	żegotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotający	żegotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotający	żegotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotający	żegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieżegotaniach	żegotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotaniami	żegotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotania	żegotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotania	żegotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotaniem	żegotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotanie	żegotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotaniom	żegotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotaniu	żegotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżegotań	żegotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowana	żelatynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowaną	żelatynować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanego	żelatynować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanego	żelatynować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanej	żelatynować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanemu	żelatynować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowane	żelatynować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowane	żelatynować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowaniach	żelatynować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowaniami	żelatynować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowania	żelatynować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowania	żelatynować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowaniem	żelatynować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanie	żelatynować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowaniom	żelatynować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowaniu	żelatynować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowani	żelatynować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanych	żelatynować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanych	żelatynować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanymi	żelatynować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanym	żelatynować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowanym	żelatynować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowany	żelatynować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowany	żelatynować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynowań	żelatynować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynująca	żelatynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującą	żelatynować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującego	żelatynować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującego	żelatynować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującej	żelatynować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującemu	żelatynować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynujące	żelatynować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynujące	żelatynować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynujących	żelatynować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynujących	żelatynować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującymi	żelatynować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującym	żelatynować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynującym	żelatynować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynujący	żelatynować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynujący	żelatynować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelatynujący	żelatynować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowana	żelazować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowaną	żelazować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanego	żelazować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanego	żelazować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanej	żelazować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanemu	żelazować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowane	żelazować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowane	żelazować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowaniach	żelazować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowaniami	żelazować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowania	żelazować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowania	żelazować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowaniem	żelazować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanie	żelazować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowaniom	żelazować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowaniu	żelazować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowani	żelazować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanych	żelazować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanych	żelazować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanymi	żelazować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanym	żelazować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowanym	żelazować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowany	żelazować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowany	żelazować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelazowań	żelazować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazująca	żelazować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującą	żelazować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującego	żelazować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującego	żelazować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującej	żelazować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującemu	żelazować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazujące	żelazować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazujące	żelazować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazujących	żelazować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelazujących	żelazować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującymi	żelazować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującym	żelazować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazującym	żelazować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelazujący	żelazować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelazujący	żelazować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelazujący	żelazować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejąca	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącą	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącego	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącego	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącej	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącemu	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejące	żelaźnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejące	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejących	żelaźnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejących	żelaźnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącymi	żelaźnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącym	żelaźnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejącym	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejący	żelaźnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejący	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźniejący	żelaźnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnieniach	żelaźnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnieniami	żelaźnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnienia	żelaźnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnienia	żelaźnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnieniem	żelaźnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnienie	żelaźnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnieniom	żelaźnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnieniu	żelaźnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelaźnień	żelaźnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowana	żelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelowaną	żelować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanego	żelować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanego	żelować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanej	żelować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanemu	żelować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowane	żelować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowane	żelować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowaniach	żelować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowaniami	żelować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowania	żelować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowania	żelować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowaniem	żelować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanie	żelować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowaniom	żelować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowaniu	żelować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowani	żelować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanych	żelować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanych	żelować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanymi	żelować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanym	żelować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowanym	żelować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelowany	żelować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelowany	żelować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelowań	żelować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelująca	żelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelującą	żelować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelującego	żelować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżelującego	żelować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelującej	żelować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżelującemu	żelować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelujące	żelować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelujące	żelować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżelujących	żelować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelujących	żelować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelującymi	żelować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelującym	żelować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelującym	żelować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżelujący	żelować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżelujący	żelować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżelujący	żelować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenąca	żenąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenącą	żenąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenącego	żenąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżenącego	żenąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenącej	żenąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenącemu	żenąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenące	żenąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenące	żenąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenących	żenąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenących	żenąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenącymi	żenąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenącym	żenąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenącym	żenąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenący	żenąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenący	żenąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenący	żenąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenięciach	żenąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięciami	żenąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięcia	żenąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięcia	żenąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięciem	żenąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięcie	żenąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięciom	żenąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięciu	żenąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięci	żenąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenięć	żenąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięta	żenąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętą	żenąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętego	żenąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętego	żenąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętej	żenąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętemu	żenąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięte	żenąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięte	żenąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętych	żenąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętych	żenąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętymi	żenąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętym	żenąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniętym	żenąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenięty	żenąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenięty	żenąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżeniąca	żenić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącą	żenić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącego	żenić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącego	żenić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącej	żenić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącemu	żenić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniące	żenić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniące	żenić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniących	żenić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżeniących	żenić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącymi	żenić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącym	żenić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniącym	żenić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniący	żenić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżeniący	żenić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżeniący	żenić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenieniach	żenić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenieniami	żenić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenienia	żenić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenienia	żenić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenieniem	żenić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenienie	żenić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenieniom	żenić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenieniu	żenić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenieni	żenić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenień	żenić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniona	żenić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenioną	żenić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenionego	żenić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżenionego	żenić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenionej	żenić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenionemu	żenić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenione	żenić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenione	żenić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenionych	żenić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenionych	żenić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenionymi	żenić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenionym	żenić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenionym	żenić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeniony	żenić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżeniony	żenić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenowana	żenować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenowaną	żenować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanego	żenować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanego	żenować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanej	żenować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanemu	żenować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowane	żenować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowane	żenować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowaniach	żenować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowaniami	żenować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowania	żenować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowania	żenować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowaniem	żenować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanie	żenować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowaniom	żenować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowaniu	żenować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowani	żenować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanych	żenować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanych	żenować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanymi	żenować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanym	żenować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowanym	żenować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenowany	żenować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenowany	żenować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenowań	żenować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenująca	żenować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenującą	żenować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenującego	żenować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżenującego	żenować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenującej	żenować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżenującemu	żenować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenujące	żenować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenujące	żenować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżenujących	żenować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenujących	żenować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenującymi	żenować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenującym	żenować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenującym	żenować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżenujący	żenować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżenujący	żenować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżenujący	żenować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerająca	żerać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerającą	żerać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerającego	żerać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżerającego	żerać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerającej	żerać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerającemu	żerać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerające	żerać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerające	żerać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerających	żerać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerających	żerać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerającymi	żerać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerającym	żerać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerającym	żerać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerający	żerać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerający	żerać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerający	żerać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerana	żerać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeraną	żerać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeranego	żerać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżeranego	żerać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeranej	żerać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżeranemu	żerać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerane	żerać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerane	żerać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeraniach	żerać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeraniami	żerać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerania	żerać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerania	żerać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeraniem	żerać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeranie	żerać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeraniom	żerać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżeraniu	żerać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerani	żerać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżeranych	żerać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżeranych	żerać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeranymi	żerać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeranym	żerać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżeranym	żerać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerany	żerać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerany	żerać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerań	żerać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowana	żerdziować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowaną	żerdziować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanego	żerdziować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanego	żerdziować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanej	żerdziować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanemu	żerdziować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowane	żerdziować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowane	żerdziować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowaniach	żerdziować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowaniami	żerdziować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowania	żerdziować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowania	żerdziować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowaniem	żerdziować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanie	żerdziować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowaniom	żerdziować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowaniu	żerdziować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowani	żerdziować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanych	żerdziować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanych	żerdziować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanymi	żerdziować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanym	żerdziować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowanym	żerdziować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowany	żerdziować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowany	żerdziować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziowań	żerdziować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziująca	żerdziować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującą	żerdziować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującego	żerdziować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującego	żerdziować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującej	żerdziować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującemu	żerdziować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziujące	żerdziować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziujące	żerdziować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziujących	żerdziować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziujących	żerdziować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującymi	żerdziować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującym	żerdziować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziującym	żerdziować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziujący	żerdziować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziujący	żerdziować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerdziujący	żerdziować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerowaniach	żerować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowaniami	żerować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowania	żerować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowania	żerować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowaniem	żerować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowanie	żerować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowaniom	żerować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowaniu	żerować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerowań	żerować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerująca	żerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerującą	żerować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerującego	żerować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżerującego	żerować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerującej	żerować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżerującemu	żerować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerujące	żerować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerujące	żerować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżerujących	żerować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerujących	żerować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerującymi	żerować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerującym	żerować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerującym	żerować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżerujący	żerować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżerujący	żerować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżerujący	żerować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgająca	żgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżgającą	żgać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżgającego	żgać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżgającego	żgać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgającej	żgać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżgającemu	żgać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgające	żgać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgające	żgać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgających	żgać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżgających	żgać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgającymi	żgać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgającym	żgać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgającym	żgać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgający	żgać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżgający	żgać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgający	żgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgana	żgać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżganą	żgać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżganego	żgać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżganego	żgać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżganej	żgać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżganemu	żgać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgane	żgać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgane	żgać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżganiach	żgać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżganiami	żgać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgania	żgać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgania	żgać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżganiem	żgać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżganie	żgać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżganiom	żgać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżganiu	żgać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgani	żgać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżganych	żgać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżganych	żgać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżganymi	żgać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżganym	żgać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżganym	żgać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżgany	żgać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgany	żgać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgań	żgać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgląca	żglić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżglącą	żglić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżglącego	żglić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżglącego	żglić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglącej	żglić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżglącemu	żglić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglące	żglić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglące	żglić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżglących	żglić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżglących	żglić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglącymi	żglić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglącym	żglić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglącym	żglić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglący	żglić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżglący	żglić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżglący	żglić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgleniach	żglić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgleniami	żglić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżglenia	żglić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżglenia	żglić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgleniem	żglić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżglenie	żglić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgleniom	żglić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgleniu	żglić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżgleni	żglić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżgleń	żglić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżglona	żglić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżgloną	żglić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżglonego	żglić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżglonego	żglić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglonej	żglić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżglonemu	żglić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglone	żglić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglone	żglić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżglonych	żglić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżglonych	żglić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglonymi	żglić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglonym	żglić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglonym	żglić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżglony	żglić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżglony	żglić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżgnięciach	żgnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięciami	żgnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięcia	żgnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięcia	żgnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięciem	żgnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięcie	żgnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięciom	żgnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięciu	żgnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięci	żgnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieżgnięć	żgnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięta	żgnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieżgniętą	żgnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieżgniętego	żgnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieżgniętego	żgnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieżgniętej	żgnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieżgniętemu	żgnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięte	żgnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięte	żgnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieżgniętych	żgnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieżgniętych	żgnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżgniętymi	żgnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżgniętym	żgnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżgniętym	żgnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieżgnięty	żgnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieżgnięty	żgnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieżłobiąca	żłobić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącą	żłobić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącego	żłobić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącego	żłobić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącej	żłobić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącemu	żłobić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiące	żłobić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiące	żłobić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiących	żłobić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiących	żłobić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącymi	żłobić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącym	żłobić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiącym	żłobić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiący	żłobić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiący	żłobić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiący	żłobić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłobieniach	żłobić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobieniami	żłobić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobienia	żłobić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobienia	żłobić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobieniem	żłobić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobienie	żłobić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobieniom	żłobić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobieniu	żłobić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobieni	żłobić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobień	żłobić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiona	żłobić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobioną	żłobić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionego	żłobić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionego	żłobić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionej	żłobić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionemu	żłobić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobione	żłobić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobione	żłobić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionych	żłobić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionych	żłobić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionymi	żłobić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionym	żłobić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobionym	żłobić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiony	żłobić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłobiony	żłobić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowana	żłobkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowaną	żłobkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanego	żłobkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanego	żłobkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanej	żłobkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanemu	żłobkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowane	żłobkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowane	żłobkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowaniach	żłobkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowaniami	żłobkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowania	żłobkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowania	żłobkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowaniem	żłobkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanie	żłobkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowaniom	żłobkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowaniu	żłobkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowani	żłobkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanych	żłobkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanych	żłobkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanymi	żłobkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanym	żłobkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowanym	żłobkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowany	żłobkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowany	żłobkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkowań	żłobkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkująca	żłobkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującą	żłobkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującego	żłobkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującego	żłobkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującej	żłobkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującemu	żłobkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkujące	żłobkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkujące	żłobkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkujących	żłobkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkujących	żłobkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującymi	żłobkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującym	żłobkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkującym	żłobkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkujący	żłobkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkujący	żłobkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłobkujący	żłobkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłopana	żłopać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłopaną	żłopać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanego	żłopać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanego	żłopać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanej	żłopać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanemu	żłopać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopane	żłopać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopane	żłopać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopaniach	żłopać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopaniami	żłopać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopania	żłopać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopania	żłopać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopaniem	żłopać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanie	żłopać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopaniom	żłopać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopaniu	żłopać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopani	żłopać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanych	żłopać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanych	żłopać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanymi	żłopać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanym	żłopać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopanym	żłopać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopany	żłopać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłopany	żłopać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłopań	żłopać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiąca	żłopać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącą	żłopać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącego	żłopać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącego	żłopać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącej	żłopać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącemu	żłopać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiące	żłopać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiące	żłopać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiących	żłopać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiących	żłopać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącymi	żłopać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącym	żłopać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiącym	żłopać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiący	żłopać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiący	żłopać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłopiący	żłopać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłopnięciach	żłopnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięciami	żłopnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięcia	żłopnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięcia	żłopnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięciem	żłopnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięcie	żłopnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięciom	żłopnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięciu	żłopnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięci	żłopnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięć	żłopnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięta	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętą	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętego	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętego	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętej	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętemu	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięte	żłopnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięte	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętych	żłopnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętych	żłopnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętymi	żłopnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętym	żłopnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieżłopniętym	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięty	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieżłopnięty	żłopnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieżłukcąca	żłukcić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącą	żłukcić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącego	żłukcić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącego	żłukcić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącej	żłukcić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącemu	żłukcić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcące	żłukcić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcące	żłukcić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcących	żłukcić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcących	żłukcić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącymi	żłukcić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącym	żłukcić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcącym	żłukcić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcący	żłukcić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcący	żłukcić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcący	żłukcić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłukceniach	żłukcić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukceniami	żłukcić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcenia	żłukcić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcenia	żłukcić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukceniem	żłukcić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcenie	żłukcić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukceniom	żłukcić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukceniu	żłukcić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukceni	żłukcić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłukceń	żłukcić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcona	żłukcić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconą	żłukcić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconego	żłukcić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconego	żłukcić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconej	żłukcić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconemu	żłukcić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcone	żłukcić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcone	żłukcić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconych	żłukcić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconych	żłukcić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconymi	żłukcić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconym	żłukcić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukconym	żłukcić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcony	żłukcić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżłukcony	żłukcić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżmudząca	żmudzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącą	żmudzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącego	żmudzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącego	żmudzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącej	żmudzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącemu	żmudzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzące	żmudzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzące	żmudzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzących	żmudzić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzących	żmudzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącymi	żmudzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącym	żmudzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzącym	żmudzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzący	żmudzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzący	żmudzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzący	żmudzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzeniach	żmudzić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzeniami	żmudzić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzenia	żmudzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzenia	żmudzić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzeniem	żmudzić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzenie	żmudzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzeniom	żmudzić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzeniu	żmudzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzeni	żmudzić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzeń	żmudzić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzona	żmudzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzoną	żmudzić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonego	żmudzić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonego	żmudzić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonej	żmudzić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonemu	żmudzić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzone	żmudzić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzone	żmudzić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonych	żmudzić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonych	żmudzić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonymi	żmudzić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonym	żmudzić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzonym	żmudzić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzony	żmudzić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżmudzony	żmudzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowaniach	żniwować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowaniami	żniwować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowania	żniwować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowania	żniwować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowaniem	żniwować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowanie	żniwować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowaniom	żniwować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowaniu	żniwować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwowań	żniwować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwująca	żniwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującą	żniwować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującego	żniwować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującego	żniwować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującej	żniwować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującemu	żniwować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwujące	żniwować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwujące	żniwować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwujących	żniwować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżniwujących	żniwować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującymi	żniwować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującym	żniwować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwującym	żniwować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżniwujący	żniwować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżniwujący	żniwować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżniwujący	żniwować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowaniach	żołądkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowaniami	żołądkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowania	żołądkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowania	żołądkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowaniem	żołądkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowanie	żołądkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowaniom	żołądkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowaniu	żołądkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkowań	żołądkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkująca	żołądkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującą	żołądkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującego	żołądkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującego	żołądkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującej	żołądkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującemu	żołądkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkujące	żołądkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkujące	żołądkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkujących	żołądkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkujących	żołądkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującymi	żołądkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującym	żołądkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkującym	żołądkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkujący	żołądkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkujący	żołądkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżołądkujący	żołądkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowana	żołdować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowaną	żołdować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanego	żołdować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanego	żołdować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanej	żołdować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanemu	żołdować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowane	żołdować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowane	żołdować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowaniach	żołdować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowaniami	żołdować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowania	żołdować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowania	żołdować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowaniem	żołdować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanie	żołdować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowaniom	żołdować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowaniu	żołdować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowani	żołdować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanych	żołdować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanych	żołdować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanymi	żołdować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanym	żołdować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowanym	żołdować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowany	żołdować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowany	żołdować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżołdowań	żołdować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdująca	żołdować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującą	żołdować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującego	żołdować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującego	żołdować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującej	żołdować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującemu	żołdować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdujące	żołdować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdujące	żołdować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdujących	żołdować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżołdujących	żołdować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującymi	żołdować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującym	żołdować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdującym	żołdować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżołdujący	żołdować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżołdujący	żołdować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżołdujący	żołdować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowana	żonglować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowaną	żonglować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanego	żonglować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanego	żonglować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanej	żonglować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanemu	żonglować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowane	żonglować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowane	żonglować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowaniach	żonglować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowaniami	żonglować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowania	żonglować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowania	żonglować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowaniem	żonglować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanie	żonglować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowaniom	żonglować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowaniu	żonglować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowani	żonglować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanych	żonglować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanych	żonglować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanymi	żonglować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanym	żonglować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowanym	żonglować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowany	żonglować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowany	żonglować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżonglowań	żonglować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglująca	żonglować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującą	żonglować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującego	żonglować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującego	żonglować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującej	żonglować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującemu	żonglować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglujące	żonglować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglujące	żonglować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglujących	żonglować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżonglujących	żonglować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującymi	żonglować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującym	żonglować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglującym	żonglować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżonglujący	żonglować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżonglujący	żonglować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżonglujący	żonglować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżorowaniach	żorować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowaniami	żorować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowania	żorować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowania	żorować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowaniem	żorować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowanie	żorować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowaniom	żorować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowaniu	żorować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorowań	żorować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorująca	żorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżorującą	żorować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżorującego	żorować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżorującego	żorować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżorującej	żorować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżorującemu	żorować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżorujące	żorować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżorujące	żorować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżorujących	żorować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżorujących	żorować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżorującymi	żorować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżorującym	żorować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżorującym	żorować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżorujący	żorować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżorujący	żorować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżorujący	żorować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółcąca	żółcić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącą	żółcić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącego	żółcić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącego	żółcić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącej	żółcić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącemu	żółcić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcące	żółcić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcące	żółcić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcących	żółcić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółcących	żółcić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącymi	żółcić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącym	żółcić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcącym	żółcić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcący	żółcić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółcący	żółcić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółcący	żółcić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniach	żółcić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniami	żółcić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcenia	żółcić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcenia	żółcić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniem	żółcić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcenie	żółcić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniom	żółcić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniu	żółcić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceni	żółcić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółceń	żółcić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcona	żółcić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółconą	żółcić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółconego	żółcić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżółconego	żółcić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółconej	żółcić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółconemu	żółcić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcone	żółcić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcone	żółcić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółconych	żółcić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółconych	żółcić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółconymi	żółcić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółconym	żółcić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółconym	żółcić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcony	żółcić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółcony	żółcić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniach	żółcieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniami	żółcieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcenia	żółcieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcenia	żółcieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniem	żółcieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółcenie	żółcieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniom	żółcieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceniu	żółcieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółceń	żółcieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejąca	żółcieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącą	żółcieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącego	żółcieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącego	żółcieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącej	żółcieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącemu	żółcieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejące	żółcieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejące	żółcieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejących	żółcieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejących	żółcieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącymi	żółcieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącym	żółcieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejącym	żółcieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejący	żółcieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejący	żółcieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółciejący	żółcieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółknąca	żółknąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącą	żółknąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącego	żółknąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącego	żółknąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącej	żółknąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącemu	żółknąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknące	żółknąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknące	żółknąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknących	żółknąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółknących	żółknąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącymi	żółknąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącym	żółknąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknącym	żółknąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknący	żółknąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółknący	żółknąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółknący	żółknąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięciach	żółknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięciami	żółknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięcia	żółknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięcia	żółknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięciem	żółknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięcie	żółknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięciom	żółknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięciu	żółknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknięć	żółknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejąca	żółknieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącą	żółknieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącego	żółknieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącego	żółknieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącej	żółknieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącemu	żółknieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejące	żółknieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejące	żółknieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejących	żółknieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejących	żółknieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącymi	żółknieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącym	żółknieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejącym	żółknieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejący	żółknieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejący	żółknieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółkniejący	żółknieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżółknieniach	żółknieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknieniami	żółknieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknienia	żółknieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknienia	żółknieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknieniem	żółknieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknienie	żółknieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknieniom	żółknieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknieniu	żółknieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżółknień	żółknieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciach	żreć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciami	żreć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarcia	żreć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarcia	żreć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciem	żreć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarcie	żreć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciom	żreć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarciu	żreć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarci	żreć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżarć	żreć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżarta	żreć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartą	żreć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartego	żreć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżartego	żreć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartej	żreć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżartemu	żreć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarte	żreć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarte	żreć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżartych	żreć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżartych	żreć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartymi	żreć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartym	żreć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżartym	żreć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżarty	żreć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżarty	żreć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżrąca	żreć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżrącą	żreć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżrącego	żreć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżrącego	żreć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącej	żreć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżrącemu	żreć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrące	żreć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrące	żreć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżrących	żreć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżrących	żreć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącymi	żreć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącym	żreć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrącym	żreć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżrący	żreć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżrący	żreć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżrący	żreć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowana	żubrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowaną	żubrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanego	żubrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanego	żubrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanej	żubrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanemu	żubrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowane	żubrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowane	żubrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowaniach	żubrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowaniami	żubrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowania	żubrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowania	żubrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowaniem	żubrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanie	żubrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowaniom	żubrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowaniu	żubrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowani	żubrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanych	żubrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanych	żubrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanymi	żubrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanym	żubrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowanym	żubrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowany	żubrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowany	żubrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżubrowań	żubrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrująca	żubrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującą	żubrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującego	żubrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującego	żubrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującej	żubrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującemu	żubrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrujące	żubrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrujące	żubrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrujących	żubrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżubrujących	żubrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującymi	żubrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującym	żubrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrującym	żubrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrujący	żubrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżubrujący	żubrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżubrujący	żubrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżubrząca	żubrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącą	żubrzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącego	żubrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącego	żubrzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącej	żubrzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącemu	żubrzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzące	żubrzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzące	żubrzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzących	żubrzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzących	żubrzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącymi	żubrzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącym	żubrzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzącym	żubrzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzący	żubrzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzący	żubrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzący	żubrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzeniach	żubrzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzeniami	żubrzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzenia	żubrzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzenia	żubrzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzeniem	żubrzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzenie	żubrzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzeniom	żubrzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzeniu	żubrzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżubrzeń	żubrzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżucząca	żuczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącą	żuczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącego	żuczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącego	żuczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącej	żuczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącemu	żuczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczące	żuczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczące	żuczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczących	żuczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżuczących	żuczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącymi	żuczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącym	żuczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczącym	żuczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczący	żuczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżuczący	żuczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżuczący	żuczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżuczeniach	żuczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczeniami	żuczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczenia	żuczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczenia	żuczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczeniem	żuczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczenie	żuczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczeniom	żuczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczeniu	żuczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuczeń	żuczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuciach	żuć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuciami	żuć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżucia	żuć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżucia	żuć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuciem	żuć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżucie	żuć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuciom	żuć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuciu	żuć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżuci	żuć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżuć	żuć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżująca	żuć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżującą	żuć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżującego	żuć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżującego	żuć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżującej	żuć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżującemu	żuć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżujące	żuć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżujące	żuć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżujących	żuć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżujących	żuć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżującymi	żuć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżującym	żuć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżującym	żuć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżujący	żuć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżujący	żuć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżujący	żuć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżuta	żuć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżutą	żuć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżutego	żuć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżutego	żuć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżutej	żuć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżutemu	żuć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżute	żuć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżute	żuć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżutych	żuć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżutych	żuć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżutymi	żuć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżutym	żuć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżutym	żuć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżuty	żuć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżuty	żuć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowaniach	żupnikować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowaniami	żupnikować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowania	żupnikować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowania	żupnikować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowaniem	żupnikować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowanie	żupnikować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowaniom	żupnikować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowaniu	żupnikować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikowań	żupnikować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikująca	żupnikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującą	żupnikować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującego	żupnikować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującego	żupnikować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującej	żupnikować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującemu	żupnikować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikujące	żupnikować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikujące	żupnikować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikujących	żupnikować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikujących	żupnikować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującymi	żupnikować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującym	żupnikować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikującym	żupnikować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikujący	żupnikować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikujący	żupnikować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżupnikujący	żupnikować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżurząca	żurzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącą	żurzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącego	żurzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącego	żurzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącej	żurzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącemu	żurzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzące	żurzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzące	żurzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzących	żurzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżurzących	żurzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącymi	żurzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącym	żurzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzącym	żurzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzący	żurzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżurzący	żurzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżurzący	żurzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżurzeniach	żurzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzeniami	żurzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzenia	żurzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzenia	żurzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzeniem	żurzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzenie	żurzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzeniom	żurzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzeniu	żurzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżurzeń	żurzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowana	żużlować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowaną	żużlować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanego	żużlować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanego	żużlować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanej	żużlować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanemu	żużlować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowane	żużlować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowane	żużlować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowaniach	żużlować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowaniami	żużlować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowania	żużlować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowania	żużlować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowaniem	żużlować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanie	żużlować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowaniom	żużlować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowaniu	żużlować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowani	żużlować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanych	żużlować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanych	żużlować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanymi	żużlować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanym	żużlować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowanym	żużlować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowany	żużlować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowany	żużlować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżużlowań	żużlować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlująca	żużlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującą	żużlować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującego	żużlować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującego	żużlować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującej	żużlować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującemu	żużlować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlujące	żużlować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlujące	żużlować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlujących	żużlować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżużlujących	żużlować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującymi	żużlować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującym	żużlować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlującym	żużlować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżużlujący	żużlować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżużlujący	żużlować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżużlujący	żużlować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwakająca	żwakać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającą	żwakać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającego	żwakać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającego	żwakać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającej	żwakać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającemu	żwakać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakające	żwakać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakające	żwakać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakających	żwakać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwakających	żwakać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającymi	żwakać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającym	żwakać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakającym	żwakać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakający	żwakać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwakający	żwakać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwakający	żwakać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwakana	żwakać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwakaną	żwakać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanego	żwakać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanego	żwakać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanej	żwakać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanemu	żwakać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakane	żwakać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakane	żwakać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakaniach	żwakać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakaniami	żwakać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakania	żwakać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakania	żwakać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakaniem	żwakać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanie	żwakać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakaniom	żwakać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakaniu	żwakać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakani	żwakać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanych	żwakać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanych	żwakać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanymi	żwakać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanym	żwakać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakanym	żwakać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwakany	żwakać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwakany	żwakać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwakań	żwakać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowana	żwirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowaną	żwirować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanego	żwirować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanego	żwirować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanej	żwirować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanemu	żwirować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowane	żwirować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowane	żwirować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowaniach	żwirować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowaniami	żwirować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowania	żwirować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowania	żwirować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowaniem	żwirować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanie	żwirować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowaniom	żwirować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowaniu	żwirować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowani	żwirować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanych	żwirować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanych	żwirować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanymi	żwirować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanym	żwirować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowanym	żwirować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowany	żwirować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowany	żwirować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwirowań	żwirować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirująca	żwirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującą	żwirować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującego	żwirować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującego	żwirować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującej	żwirować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującemu	żwirować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirujące	żwirować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirujące	żwirować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirujących	żwirować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwirujących	żwirować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującymi	żwirować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującym	żwirować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirującym	żwirować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżwirujący	żwirować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżwirujący	żwirować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżwirujący	żwirować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżycząca	życzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącą	życzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącego	życzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącego	życzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącej	życzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącemu	życzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczące	życzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczące	życzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczących	życzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyczących	życzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącymi	życzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącym	życzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczącym	życzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczący	życzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyczący	życzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyczący	życzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyczeniach	życzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczeniami	życzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczenia	życzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczenia	życzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczeniem	życzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczenie	życzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczeniom	życzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczeniu	życzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyczeń	życzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyciach	żyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyciami	żyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżycia	żyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżycia	żyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyciem	żyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżycie	żyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyciom	żyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyciu	żyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyć	żyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjąca	żyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącą	żyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącego	żyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącego	żyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącej	żyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącemu	żyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjące	żyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjące	żyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjących	żyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyjących	żyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącymi	żyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącym	żyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjącym	żyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyjący	żyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyjący	żyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyjący	żyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżydłacząca	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącą	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącego	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącego	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącej	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącemu	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczące	żydłaczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczące	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczących	żydłaczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczących	żydłaczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącymi	żydłaczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącym	żydłaczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczącym	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczący	żydłaczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczący	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczący	żydłaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczeniach	żydłaczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczeniami	żydłaczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczenia	żydłaczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczenia	żydłaczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczeniem	żydłaczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczenie	żydłaczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczeniom	żydłaczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczeniu	żydłaczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydłaczeń	żydłaczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydząca	żydzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącą	żydzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącego	żydzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącego	żydzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącej	żydzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącemu	żydzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzące	żydzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzące	żydzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzących	żydzić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżydzących	żydzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącymi	żydzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącym	żydzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzącym	żydzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzący	żydzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżydzący	żydzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżydzący	żydzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniach	żydzić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniami	żydzić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzenia	żydzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzenia	żydzić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniem	żydzić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzenie	żydzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniom	żydzić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniu	żydzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeń	żydzić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniach	żydzieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniami	żydzieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzenia	żydzieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzenia	żydzieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniem	żydzieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzenie	żydzieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniom	żydzieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeniu	żydzieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydzeń	żydzieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejąca	żydzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącą	żydzieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącego	żydzieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącego	żydzieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącej	żydzieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącemu	żydzieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejące	żydzieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejące	żydzieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejących	żydzieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejących	żydzieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącymi	żydzieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącym	żydzieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejącym	żydzieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejący	żydzieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejący	żydzieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżydziejący	żydzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowana	żyłkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowaną	żyłkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanego	żyłkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanego	żyłkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanej	żyłkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanemu	żyłkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowane	żyłkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowane	żyłkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowaniach	żyłkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowaniami	żyłkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowania	żyłkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowania	żyłkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowaniem	żyłkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanie	żyłkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowaniom	żyłkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowaniu	żyłkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowani	żyłkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanych	żyłkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanych	żyłkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanymi	żyłkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanym	żyłkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowanym	żyłkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowany	żyłkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowany	żyłkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkowań	żyłkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkująca	żyłkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującą	żyłkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującego	żyłkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującego	żyłkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującej	żyłkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującemu	żyłkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkujące	żyłkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkujące	żyłkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkujących	żyłkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkujących	żyłkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującymi	żyłkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującym	żyłkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkującym	żyłkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkujący	żyłkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkujący	żyłkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłkujący	żyłkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowana	żyłować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowaną	żyłować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanego	żyłować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanego	żyłować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanej	żyłować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanemu	żyłować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowane	żyłować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowane	żyłować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowaniach	żyłować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowaniami	żyłować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowania	żyłować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowania	żyłować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowaniem	żyłować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanie	żyłować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowaniom	żyłować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowaniu	żyłować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowani	żyłować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanych	żyłować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanych	żyłować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanymi	żyłować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanym	żyłować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowanym	żyłować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowany	żyłować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowany	żyłować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłowań	żyłować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłująca	żyłować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującą	żyłować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującego	żyłować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującego	żyłować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującej	żyłować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującemu	żyłować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłujące	żyłować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłujące	żyłować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłujących	żyłować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłujących	żyłować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującymi	żyłować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującym	żyłować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłującym	żyłować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyłujący	żyłować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyłujący	żyłować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyłujący	żyłować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyrowana	żyrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowaną	żyrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanego	żyrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanego	żyrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanej	żyrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanemu	żyrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowane	żyrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowane	żyrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowaniach	żyrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowaniami	żyrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowania	żyrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowania	żyrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowaniem	żyrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanie	żyrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowaniom	żyrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowaniu	żyrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowani	żyrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanych	żyrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanych	żyrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanymi	żyrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanym	żyrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowanym	żyrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowany	żyrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowany	żyrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrowań	żyrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieżyrująca	żyrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującą	żyrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującego	żyrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującego	żyrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującej	żyrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującemu	żyrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrujące	żyrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrujące	żyrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrujących	żyrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyrujących	żyrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującymi	żyrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującym	żyrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrującym	żyrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyrujący	żyrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyrujący	żyrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyrujący	żyrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowana	żywicować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowaną	żywicować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanego	żywicować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanego	żywicować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanej	żywicować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanemu	żywicować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowane	żywicować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowane	żywicować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowaniach	żywicować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowaniami	żywicować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowania	żywicować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowania	żywicować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowaniem	żywicować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanie	żywicować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowaniom	żywicować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowaniu	żywicować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowani	żywicować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanych	żywicować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanych	żywicować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanymi	żywicować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanym	żywicować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowanym	żywicować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowany	żywicować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowany	żywicować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywicowań	żywicować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicująca	żywicować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującą	żywicować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującego	żywicować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującego	żywicować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującej	żywicować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującemu	żywicować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicujące	żywicować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicujące	żywicować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicujących	żywicować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywicujących	żywicować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującymi	żywicować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującym	żywicować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicującym	żywicować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywicujący	żywicować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywicujący	żywicować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywicujący	żywicować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywiąca	żywić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącą	żywić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącego	żywić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącego	żywić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącej	żywić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącemu	żywić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiące	żywić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiące	żywić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiących	żywić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywiących	żywić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącymi	żywić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącym	żywić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiącym	żywić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiący	żywić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywiący	żywić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywiący	żywić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywieniach	żywić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywieniami	żywić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywienia	żywić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywienia	żywić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywieniem	żywić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywienie	żywić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywieniom	żywić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywieniu	żywić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywieni	żywić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywień	żywić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiona	żywić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywioną	żywić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywionego	żywić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżywionego	żywić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywionej	żywić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżywionemu	żywić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywione	żywić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywione	żywić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżywionych	żywić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżywionych	żywić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywionymi	żywić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywionym	żywić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywionym	żywić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżywiony	żywić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżywiony	żywić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniąca	żyźnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącą	żyźnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącego	żyźnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącego	żyźnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącej	żyźnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącemu	żyźnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniące	żyźnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniące	żyźnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniących	żyźnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniących	żyźnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącymi	żyźnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącym	żyźnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniącym	żyźnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniący	żyźnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniący	żyźnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniący	żyźnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnieniach	żyźnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnieniami	żyźnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnienia	żyźnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnienia	żyźnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnieniem	żyźnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnienie	żyźnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnieniom	żyźnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnieniu	żyźnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnieni	żyźnić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnień	żyźnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniona	żyźnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnioną	żyźnić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionego	żyźnić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionego	żyźnić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionej	żyźnić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionemu	żyźnić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnione	żyźnić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnione	żyźnić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionych	żyźnić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionych	żyźnić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionymi	żyźnić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionym	żyźnić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźnionym	żyźnić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniony	żyźnić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieżyźniony	żyźnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
