nieśnie	niesen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieśnie	niesen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścianowościach	nieścianowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowościami	nieścianowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowością	nieścianowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowości	nieścianowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowości	nieścianowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowości	nieścianowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowości	nieścianowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowości	nieścianowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowościom	nieścianowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowość	nieścianowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowość	nieścianowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścianowa	nieścianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścianową	nieścianowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścianową	nieścianowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścianowego	nieścianowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścianowego	nieścianowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścianowej	nieścianowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścianowej	nieścianowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścianowej	nieścianowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścianowemu	nieścianowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścianowe	nieścianowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścianowe	nieścianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścianowe	nieścianowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścianowe	nieścianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścianowi	nieścianowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścianowych	nieścianowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścianowych	nieścianowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścianowych	nieścianowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścianowymi	nieścianowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścianowym	nieścianowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścianowym	nieścianowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścianowym	nieścianowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścianowy	nieścianowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścianowy	nieścianowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściągaczowościach	nieściągaczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowościami	nieściągaczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowością	nieściągaczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowości	nieściągaczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowości	nieściągaczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowości	nieściągaczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowości	nieściągaczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowości	nieściągaczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowościom	nieściągaczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowość	nieściągaczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowość	nieściągaczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągaczowa	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściągaczową	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściągaczową	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściągaczowego	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściągaczowego	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągaczowej	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściągaczowej	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściągaczowej	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściągaczowemu	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągaczowe	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągaczowe	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągaczowe	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściągaczowe	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściągaczowi	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściągaczowych	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściągaczowych	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągaczowych	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągaczowymi	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągaczowym	nieściągaczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągaczowym	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągaczowym	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągaczowy	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściągaczowy	nieściągaczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściągająco	nieściągająco	adv:pos		
nieściągającościach	nieściągającość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającościami	nieściągającość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającością	nieściągającość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającości	nieściągającość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającości	nieściągającość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającości	nieściągającość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającości	nieściągającość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającości	nieściągającość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającościom	nieściągającość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającość	nieściągającość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągającość	nieściągającość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągająca	nieściągający	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściągającą	nieściągający	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściągającą	nieściągający	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściągającego	nieściągający	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściągającego	nieściągający	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągającej	nieściągający	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściągającej	nieściągający	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściągającej	nieściągający	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściągającemu	nieściągający	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągające	nieściągający	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągające	nieściągający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągające	nieściągający	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściągające	nieściągający	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściągających	nieściągający	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściągających	nieściągający	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągających	nieściągający	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągającymi	nieściągający	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągającym	nieściągający	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągającym	nieściągający	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągającym	nieściągający	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągający	nieściągający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściągający	nieściągający	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściągający	nieściągający	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściągalnościach	nieściągalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalnościami	nieściągalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalnością	nieściągalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalności	nieściągalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalności	nieściągalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalności	nieściągalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalności	nieściągalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalności	nieściągalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalnościom	nieściągalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalność	nieściągalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalność	nieściągalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągalna	nieściągalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściągalną	nieściągalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściągalną	nieściągalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściągalnego	nieściągalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściągalnego	nieściągalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągalnej	nieściągalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściągalnej	nieściągalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściągalnej	nieściągalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściągalnemu	nieściągalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągalne	nieściągalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągalne	nieściągalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągalne	nieściągalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściągalne	nieściągalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściągalni	nieściągalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściągalnych	nieściągalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściągalnych	nieściągalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągalnych	nieściągalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągalnymi	nieściągalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągalnym	nieściągalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągalnym	nieściągalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągalnym	nieściągalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągalny	nieściągalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściągalny	nieściągalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściągłościach	nieściągłość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłościami	nieściągłość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłością	nieściągłość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłości	nieściągłość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłości	nieściągłość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłości	nieściągłość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłości	nieściągłość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłości	nieściągłość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłościom	nieściągłość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłość	nieściągłość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągłość	nieściągłość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściągli	nieściągły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściągła	nieściągły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściągłą	nieściągły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściągłą	nieściągły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściągłego	nieściągły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściągłego	nieściągły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągłej	nieściągły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściągłej	nieściągły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściągłej	nieściągły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściągłemu	nieściągły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągłe	nieściągły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągłe	nieściągły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągłe	nieściągły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściągłe	nieściągły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściągłych	nieściągły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściągłych	nieściągły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągłych	nieściągły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągłymi	nieściągły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągłym	nieściągły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściągłym	nieściągły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągłym	nieściągły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściągły	nieściągły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściągły	nieściągły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścichli	nieścichły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścichła	nieścichły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścichłą	nieścichły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścichłą	nieścichły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścichłego	nieścichły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścichłego	nieścichły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścichłej	nieścichły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścichłej	nieścichły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścichłej	nieścichły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścichłemu	nieścichły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścichłe	nieścichły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścichłe	nieścichły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścichłe	nieścichły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścichłe	nieścichły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścichłych	nieścichły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścichłych	nieścichły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścichłych	nieścichły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścichłymi	nieścichły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścichłym	nieścichły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścichłym	nieścichły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścichłym	nieścichły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścichły	nieścichły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścichły	nieścichły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściegowościach	nieściegowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowościami	nieściegowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowością	nieściegowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowości	nieściegowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowości	nieściegowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowości	nieściegowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowości	nieściegowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowości	nieściegowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowościom	nieściegowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowość	nieściegowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowość	nieściegowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściegowa	nieściegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściegową	nieściegowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściegową	nieściegowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściegowego	nieściegowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściegowego	nieściegowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściegowej	nieściegowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściegowej	nieściegowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściegowej	nieściegowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściegowemu	nieściegowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściegowe	nieściegowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściegowe	nieściegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściegowe	nieściegowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściegowe	nieściegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściegowi	nieściegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściegowych	nieściegowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściegowych	nieściegowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściegowych	nieściegowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściegowymi	nieściegowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściegowym	nieściegowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściegowym	nieściegowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściegowym	nieściegowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściegowy	nieściegowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściegowy	nieściegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściekli	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściekła	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściekłą	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściekłą	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściekłego	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściekłego	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekłej	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściekłej	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściekłej	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściekłemu	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściekłych	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściekłych	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłych	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłymi	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłym	nieściekły:a1	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłym	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekłym	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekły	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściekły	nieściekły:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściekli	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściekła	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściekłą	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściekłą	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściekłego	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściekłego	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekłej	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściekłej	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściekłej	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściekłemu	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściekłe	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściekłych	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściekłych	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłych	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłymi	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłym	nieściekły:a2	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekłym	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekłym	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekły	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściekły	nieściekły:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściekowościach	nieściekowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowościami	nieściekowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowością	nieściekowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowości	nieściekowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowości	nieściekowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowości	nieściekowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowości	nieściekowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowości	nieściekowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowościom	nieściekowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowość	nieściekowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowość	nieściekowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściekowa	nieściekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściekową	nieściekowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściekową	nieściekowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściekowego	nieściekowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściekowego	nieściekowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekowej	nieściekowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściekowej	nieściekowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściekowej	nieściekowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściekowemu	nieściekowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekowe	nieściekowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekowe	nieściekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekowe	nieściekowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściekowe	nieściekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściekowi	nieściekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściekowych	nieściekowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściekowych	nieściekowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekowych	nieściekowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekowymi	nieściekowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekowym	nieściekowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściekowym	nieściekowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekowym	nieściekowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściekowy	nieściekowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściekowy	nieściekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściemniali	nieściemniały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściemniała	nieściemniały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściemniałą	nieściemniały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściemniałą	nieściemniały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściemniałego	nieściemniały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściemniałego	nieściemniały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściemniałej	nieściemniały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściemniałej	nieściemniały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściemniałej	nieściemniały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściemniałemu	nieściemniały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściemniałe	nieściemniały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściemniałe	nieściemniały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściemniałe	nieściemniały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściemniałe	nieściemniały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściemniałych	nieściemniały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściemniałych	nieściemniały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściemniałych	nieściemniały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściemniałymi	nieściemniały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściemniałym	nieściemniały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściemniałym	nieściemniały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściemniałym	nieściemniały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściemniały	nieściemniały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściemniały	nieściemniały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścieniali	nieścieniały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścieniała	nieścieniały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścieniałą	nieścieniały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścieniałą	nieścieniały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścieniałego	nieścieniały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścieniałego	nieścieniały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieniałej	nieścieniały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścieniałej	nieścieniały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścieniałej	nieścieniały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścieniałemu	nieścieniały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieniałe	nieścieniały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieniałe	nieścieniały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieniałe	nieścieniały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścieniałe	nieścieniały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścieniałych	nieścieniały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścieniałych	nieścieniały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieniałych	nieścieniały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieniałymi	nieścieniały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieniałym	nieścieniały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieniałym	nieścieniały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieniałym	nieścieniały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieniały	nieścieniały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścieniały	nieścieniały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściennościach	nieścienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściennościami	nieścienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściennością	nieścienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienności	nieścienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienności	nieścienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienności	nieścienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienności	nieścienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienności	nieścienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściennościom	nieścienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienność	nieścienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienność	nieścienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścienna	nieścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścienną	nieścienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścienną	nieścienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściennego	nieścienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściennego	nieścienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściennej	nieścienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściennej	nieścienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściennej	nieścienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściennemu	nieścienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścienne	nieścienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścienne	nieścienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścienne	nieścienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścienne	nieścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścienni	nieścienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściennych	nieścienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściennych	nieścienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściennych	nieścienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściennymi	nieścienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściennym	nieścienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściennym	nieścienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściennym	nieścienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścienny	nieścienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścienny	nieścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścieńczali	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścieńczała	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścieńczałą	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścieńczałą	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścieńczałego	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścieńczałego	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieńczałej	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścieńczałej	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścieńczałej	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścieńczałemu	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieńczałe	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieńczałe	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieńczałe	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścieńczałe	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścieńczałych	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścieńczałych	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieńczałych	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieńczałymi	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieńczałym	nieścieńczały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieńczałym	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieńczałym	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieńczały	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścieńczały	nieścieńczały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścieralnie	nieścieralnie	adv:pos		
nieścieralnościach	nieścieralność:s1	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralnościami	nieścieralność:s1	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralnością	nieścieralność:s1	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s1	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s1	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s1	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s1	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s1	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralnościom	nieścieralność:s1	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralność	nieścieralność:s1	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralność	nieścieralność:s1	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralnościach	nieścieralność:s2	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralnościami	nieścieralność:s2	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralnością	nieścieralność:s2	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s2	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s2	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s2	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s2	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralności	nieścieralność:s2	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralnościom	nieścieralność:s2	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralność	nieścieralność:s2	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralność	nieścieralność:s2	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieralna	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścieralną	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścieralną	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścieralnego	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścieralnego	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralnej	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścieralnej	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścieralnej	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścieralnemu	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścieralni	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścieralno	nieścieralny:a1	adja		
nieścieralnych	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścieralnych	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnych	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnymi	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnym	nieścieralny:a1	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnym	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralnym	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralny	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścieralny	nieścieralny:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścieralna	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścieralną	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścieralną	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścieralnego	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścieralnego	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralnej	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścieralnej	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścieralnej	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścieralnemu	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścieralne	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścieralni	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścieralnych	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścieralnych	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnych	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnymi	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnym	nieścieralny:a2	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieralnym	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralnym	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieralny	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścieralny	nieścieralny:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścierkowościach	nieścierkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowościami	nieścierkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowością	nieścierkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowości	nieścierkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowości	nieścierkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowości	nieścierkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowości	nieścierkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowości	nieścierkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowościom	nieścierkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowość	nieścierkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowość	nieścierkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierkowa	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścierkową	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścierkową	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścierkowego	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścierkowego	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierkowej	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścierkowej	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścierkowej	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścierkowemu	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierkowe	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierkowe	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierkowe	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścierkowe	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścierkowi	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścierkowych	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścierkowych	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierkowych	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierkowymi	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierkowym	nieścierkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierkowym	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierkowym	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierkowy	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścierkowy	nieścierkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścierniskowościach	nieścierniskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowościami	nieścierniskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowością	nieścierniskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowości	nieścierniskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowości	nieścierniskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowości	nieścierniskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowości	nieścierniskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowości	nieścierniskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowościom	nieścierniskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowość	nieścierniskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowość	nieścierniskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierniskowa	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścierniskową	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścierniskową	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścierniskowego	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścierniskowego	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierniskowej	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścierniskowej	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścierniskowej	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścierniskowemu	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierniskowe	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniskowe	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniskowe	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścierniskowe	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścierniskowi	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścierniskowych	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścierniskowych	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniskowych	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniskowymi	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniskowym	nieścierniskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniskowym	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierniskowym	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierniskowy	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścierniskowy	nieścierniskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściernistościach	nieściernistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistościami	nieściernistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistością	nieściernistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistości	nieściernistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistości	nieściernistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistości	nieściernistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistości	nieściernistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistości	nieściernistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistościom	nieściernistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistość	nieściernistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernistość	nieściernistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernista	nieściernisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściernistą	nieściernisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściernistą	nieściernisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściernistego	nieściernisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściernistego	nieściernisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściernistej	nieściernisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściernistej	nieściernisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściernistej	nieściernisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściernistemu	nieściernisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierniste	nieściernisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniste	nieściernisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierniste	nieściernisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścierniste	nieściernisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściernistych	nieściernisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściernistych	nieściernisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernistych	nieściernisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernistymi	nieściernisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernistym	nieściernisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernistym	nieściernisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściernistym	nieściernisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściernisty	nieściernisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściernisty	nieściernisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścierniści	nieściernisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściernościach	nieścierność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernościami	nieścierność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernością	nieścierność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierności	nieścierność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierności	nieścierność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierności	nieścierność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierności	nieścierność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierności	nieścierność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściernościom	nieścierność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierność	nieścierność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierność	nieścierność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścierna	nieścierny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścierną	nieścierny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścierną	nieścierny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściernego	nieścierny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściernego	nieścierny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściernej	nieścierny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściernej	nieścierny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściernej	nieścierny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściernemu	nieścierny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierne	nieścierny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierne	nieścierny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierne	nieścierny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścierne	nieścierny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścierni	nieścierny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściernych	nieścierny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściernych	nieścierny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernych	nieścierny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernymi	nieścierny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernym	nieścierny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściernym	nieścierny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściernym	nieścierny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierny	nieścierny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścierny	nieścierny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścierpli	nieścierpły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścierpła	nieścierpły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścierpłą	nieścierpły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścierpłą	nieścierpły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścierpłego	nieścierpły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścierpłego	nieścierpły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierpłej	nieścierpły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścierpłej	nieścierpły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścierpłej	nieścierpły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścierpłemu	nieścierpły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierpłe	nieścierpły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierpłe	nieścierpły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierpłe	nieścierpły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścierpłe	nieścierpły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścierpłych	nieścierpły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścierpłych	nieścierpły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierpłych	nieścierpły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierpłymi	nieścierpły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierpłym	nieścierpły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścierpłym	nieścierpły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierpłym	nieścierpły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścierpły	nieścierpły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścierpły	nieścierpły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścieśniająco	nieścieśniająco	adv:pos		
nieścieśniającościach	nieścieśniającość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającościami	nieścieśniającość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającością	nieścieśniającość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającości	nieścieśniającość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającości	nieścieśniającość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającości	nieścieśniającość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającości	nieścieśniającość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającości	nieścieśniającość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającościom	nieścieśniającość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającość	nieścieśniającość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniającość	nieścieśniającość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieśniająca	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścieśniającą	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścieśniającą	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścieśniającego	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścieśniającego	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieśniającej	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścieśniającej	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścieśniającej	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścieśniającemu	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieśniające	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieśniające	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieśniające	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścieśniające	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścieśniających	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścieśniających	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieśniających	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieśniającymi	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieśniającym	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieśniającym	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieśniającym	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieśniający	nieścieśniający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścieśniający	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścieśniający	nieścieśniający	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścieżkowościach	nieścieżkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowościami	nieścieżkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowością	nieścieżkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowości	nieścieżkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowości	nieścieżkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowości	nieścieżkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowości	nieścieżkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowości	nieścieżkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowościom	nieścieżkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowość	nieścieżkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowość	nieścieżkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścieżkowa	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścieżkową	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścieżkową	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścieżkowego	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścieżkowego	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieżkowej	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścieżkowej	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścieżkowej	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścieżkowemu	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieżkowe	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieżkowe	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieżkowe	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścieżkowe	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścieżkowi	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścieżkowych	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścieżkowych	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieżkowych	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieżkowymi	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieżkowym	nieścieżkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścieżkowym	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieżkowym	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścieżkowy	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścieżkowy	nieścieżkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścięgnistościach	nieścięgnistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistościami	nieścięgnistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistością	nieścięgnistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistości	nieścięgnistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistości	nieścięgnistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistości	nieścięgnistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistości	nieścięgnistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistości	nieścięgnistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistościom	nieścięgnistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistość	nieścięgnistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnistość	nieścięgnistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnista	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścięgnistą	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścięgnistą	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścięgnistego	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścięgnistego	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgnistej	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścięgnistej	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścięgnistej	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścięgnistemu	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgniste	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgniste	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgniste	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścięgniste	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścięgnistych	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścięgnistych	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnistych	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnistymi	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnistym	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnistym	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgnistym	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgnisty	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścięgnisty	nieścięgnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścięgniści	nieścięgnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścięgnowościach	nieścięgnowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowościami	nieścięgnowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowością	nieścięgnowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowości	nieścięgnowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowości	nieścięgnowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowości	nieścięgnowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowości	nieścięgnowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowości	nieścięgnowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowościom	nieścięgnowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowość	nieścięgnowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowość	nieścięgnowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięgnowa	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścięgnową	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścięgnową	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścięgnowego	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścięgnowego	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgnowej	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścięgnowej	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścięgnowej	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścięgnowemu	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgnowe	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnowe	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnowe	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścięgnowe	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścięgnowi	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścięgnowych	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścięgnowych	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnowych	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnowymi	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnowym	nieścięgnowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięgnowym	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgnowym	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięgnowy	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścięgnowy	nieścięgnowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściętościach	nieściętość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętościami	nieściętość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętością	nieściętość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętości	nieściętość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętości	nieściętość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętości	nieściętość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętości	nieściętość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętości	nieściętość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętościom	nieściętość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętość	nieściętość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściętość	nieściętość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścięci	nieścięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścięta	nieścięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściętą	nieścięty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściętą	nieścięty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściętego	nieścięty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściętego	nieścięty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściętej	nieścięty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściętej	nieścięty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściętej	nieścięty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściętemu	nieścięty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięte	nieścięty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięte	nieścięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścięte	nieścięty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścięte	nieścięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściętych	nieścięty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściętych	nieścięty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściętych	nieścięty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściętymi	nieścięty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściętym	nieścięty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściętym	nieścięty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściętym	nieścięty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścięty	nieścięty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścięty	nieścięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściężali	nieściężały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściężała	nieściężały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściężałą	nieściężały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściężałą	nieściężały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściężałego	nieściężały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściężałego	nieściężały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściężałej	nieściężały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściężałej	nieściężały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściężałej	nieściężały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściężałemu	nieściężały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściężałe	nieściężały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściężałe	nieściężały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściężałe	nieściężały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściężałe	nieściężały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściężałych	nieściężały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściężałych	nieściężały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściężałych	nieściężały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściężałymi	nieściężały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściężałym	nieściężały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściężałym	nieściężały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściężałym	nieściężały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściężały	nieściężały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściężały	nieściężały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścigle	nieścigle	adv:pos		
nieścigłościach	nieścigłość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłościami	nieścigłość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłością	nieścigłość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłości	nieścigłość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłości	nieścigłość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłości	nieścigłość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłości	nieścigłość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłości	nieścigłość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłościom	nieścigłość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłość	nieścigłość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigłość	nieścigłość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścigli	nieścigły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścigła	nieścigły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścigłą	nieścigły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścigłą	nieścigły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścigłego	nieścigły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścigłego	nieścigły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścigłej	nieścigły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścigłej	nieścigły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścigłej	nieścigły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścigłemu	nieścigły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścigłe	nieścigły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścigłe	nieścigły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścigłe	nieścigły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścigłe	nieścigły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścigłych	nieścigły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścigłych	nieścigły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścigłych	nieścigły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścigłymi	nieścigły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścigłym	nieścigły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścigłym	nieścigły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścigłym	nieścigły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścigły	nieścigły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścigły	nieścigły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścignionościach	nieścignioność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignionościami	nieścignioność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignionością	nieścignioność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignioności	nieścignioność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignioności	nieścignioność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignioności	nieścignioność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignioności	nieścignioność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignioności	nieścignioność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignionościom	nieścignioność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignioność	nieścignioność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignioność	nieścignioność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	daw.
nieścignieni	nieścigniony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		daw.
nieścigniona	nieścigniony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		daw.
nieścignioną	nieścigniony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		daw.
nieścignioną	nieścigniony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		daw.
nieścignionego	nieścigniony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		daw.
nieścignionego	nieścigniony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nieścignionej	nieścigniony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		daw.
nieścignionej	nieścigniony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		daw.
nieścignionej	nieścigniony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		daw.
nieścignionemu	nieścigniony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nieścignione	nieścigniony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nieścignione	nieścigniony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nieścignione	nieścigniony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		daw.
nieścignione	nieścigniony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		daw.
nieścigniono	nieścigniony	adja		daw.
nieścignionych	nieścigniony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		daw.
nieścignionych	nieścigniony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nieścignionych	nieścigniony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nieścignionymi	nieścigniony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nieścignionym	nieścigniony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		daw.
nieścignionym	nieścigniony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nieścignionym	nieścigniony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		daw.
nieścigniony	nieścigniony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		daw.
nieścigniony	nieścigniony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		daw.
nieścinawscy	nieścinawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieścinawska	nieścinawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścinawską	nieścinawski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścinawską	nieścinawski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścinawskich	nieścinawski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścinawskich	nieścinawski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścinawskich	nieścinawski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścinawskiego	nieścinawski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścinawskiego	nieścinawski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścinawskiej	nieścinawski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścinawskiej	nieścinawski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścinawskiej	nieścinawski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścinawskiemu	nieścinawski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścinawskie	nieścinawski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścinawskie	nieścinawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścinawskie	nieścinawski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścinawskie	nieścinawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścinawskimi	nieścinawski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścinawskim	nieścinawski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścinawskim	nieścinawski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścinawskim	nieścinawski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścinawski	nieścinawski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścinawski	nieścinawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścinawsko	nieścinawsko	adv:pos		
nieścinawskościach	nieścinawskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskościami	nieścinawskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskością	nieścinawskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskości	nieścinawskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskości	nieścinawskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskości	nieścinawskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskości	nieścinawskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskości	nieścinawskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskościom	nieścinawskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskość	nieścinawskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścinawskość	nieścinawskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowościach	nieściółkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowościami	nieściółkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowością	nieściółkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowości	nieściółkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowości	nieściółkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowości	nieściółkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowości	nieściółkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowości	nieściółkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowościom	nieściółkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowość	nieściółkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowość	nieściółkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściółkowa	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściółkową	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściółkową	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściółkowego	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściółkowego	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściółkowej	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściółkowej	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściółkowej	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściółkowemu	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściółkowe	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściółkowe	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściółkowe	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściółkowe	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściółkowi	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściółkowych	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściółkowych	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściółkowych	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściółkowymi	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściółkowym	nieściółkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściółkowym	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściółkowym	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściółkowy	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściółkowy	nieściółkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieścisło	nieścisło	adv:pos		
nieścisłościach	nieścisłość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłościami	nieścisłość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłością	nieścisłość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłości	nieścisłość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłości	nieścisłość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłości	nieścisłość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłości	nieścisłość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłości	nieścisłość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłościom	nieścisłość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłość	nieścisłość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisłość	nieścisłość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieścisła	nieścisły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieścisłą	nieścisły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieścisłą	nieścisły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieścisłego	nieścisły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieścisłego	nieścisły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścisłej	nieścisły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieścisłej	nieścisły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieścisłej	nieścisły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieścisłemu	nieścisły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścisłe	nieścisły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścisłe	nieścisły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścisłe	nieścisły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieścisłe	nieścisły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieścisłych	nieścisły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieścisłych	nieścisły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścisłych	nieścisły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścisłymi	nieścisły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścisłym	nieścisły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieścisłym	nieścisły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścisłym	nieścisły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieścisły	nieścisły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieścisły	nieścisły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściśli	nieścisły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściśle	nieściśle	adv:pos		
nieściśliwościach	nieściśliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwościami	nieściśliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwością	nieściśliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwości	nieściśliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwości	nieściśliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwości	nieściśliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwości	nieściśliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwości	nieściśliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwościom	nieściśliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwość	nieściśliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwość	nieściśliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściśliwa	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściśliwą	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściśliwą	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściśliwego	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściśliwego	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściśliwej	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściśliwej	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściśliwej	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściśliwemu	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściśliwe	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściśliwe	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściśliwe	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściśliwe	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściśliwi	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściśliwych	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściśliwych	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściśliwych	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściśliwymi	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściśliwym	nieściśliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściśliwym	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściśliwym	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściśliwy	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściśliwy	nieściśliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieściżbionościach	nieściżbioność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbionościami	nieściżbioność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbionością	nieściżbioność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbioności	nieściżbioność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbioności	nieściżbioność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbioności	nieściżbioność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbioności	nieściżbioność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbioności	nieściżbioność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbionościom	nieściżbioność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbioność	nieściżbioność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbioność	nieściżbioność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieściżbieni	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieściżbiona	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieściżbioną	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieściżbioną	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieściżbionego	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieściżbionego	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściżbionej	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieściżbionej	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieściżbionej	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieściżbionemu	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściżbione	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściżbione	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściżbione	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieściżbione	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieściżbionych	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieściżbionych	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściżbionych	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściżbionymi	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściżbionym	nieściżbiony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieściżbionym	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściżbionym	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieściżbiony	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieściżbiony	nieściżbiony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieście	nieść	impt:pl:sec:imperf		
nieść	nieść	inf:imperf		
nieśliby	nieść	cond:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
nieślibyście	nieść	cond:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
nieślibyśmy	nieść	cond:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
nieśli	nieść	praet:pl:m1:imperf		
nieśli	nieść	praet:pl:m1:ter:imperf		
nieśliście	nieść	praet:pl:m1:sec:imperf		
nieśliśmy	nieść	praet:pl:m1:pri:imperf		
nieśmy	nieść	impt:pl:pri:imperf		
nieś	nieść	impt:sg:sec:imperf		
nieśklistościach	nieśklistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistościami	nieśklistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistością	nieśklistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistości	nieśklistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistości	nieśklistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistości	nieśklistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistości	nieśklistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistości	nieśklistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistościom	nieśklistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistość	nieśklistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklistość	nieśklistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśklista	nieśklisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśklistą	nieśklisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśklistą	nieśklisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśklistego	nieśklisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśklistego	nieśklisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśklistej	nieśklisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśklistej	nieśklisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśklistej	nieśklisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśklistemu	nieśklisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśkliste	nieśklisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśkliste	nieśklisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśkliste	nieśklisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśkliste	nieśklisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśklistych	nieśklisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśklistych	nieśklisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśklistych	nieśklisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśklistymi	nieśklisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśklistym	nieśklisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśklistym	nieśklisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśklistym	nieśklisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśklisty	nieśklisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśklisty	nieśklisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśkliści	nieśklisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśladowo	nieśladowo	adv:pos		
nieśladowościach	nieśladowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowościami	nieśladowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowością	nieśladowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowości	nieśladowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowości	nieśladowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowości	nieśladowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowości	nieśladowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowości	nieśladowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowościom	nieśladowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowość	nieśladowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowość	nieśladowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśladowa	nieśladowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśladową	nieśladowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśladową	nieśladowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśladowego	nieśladowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśladowego	nieśladowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśladowej	nieśladowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśladowej	nieśladowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśladowej	nieśladowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśladowemu	nieśladowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśladowe	nieśladowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśladowe	nieśladowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśladowe	nieśladowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśladowe	nieśladowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśladowi	nieśladowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśladowych	nieśladowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśladowych	nieśladowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśladowych	nieśladowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśladowymi	nieśladowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśladowym	nieśladowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśladowym	nieśladowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśladowym	nieśladowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśladowy	nieśladowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśladowy	nieśladowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślamazarnie	nieślamazarnie	adv:pos		
nieślamazarnościach	nieślamazarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarnościami	nieślamazarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarnością	nieślamazarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarności	nieślamazarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarności	nieślamazarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarności	nieślamazarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarności	nieślamazarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarności	nieślamazarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarnościom	nieślamazarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarność	nieślamazarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarność	nieślamazarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślamazarna	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślamazarną	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślamazarną	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślamazarnego	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślamazarnego	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślamazarnej	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślamazarnej	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślamazarnej	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślamazarnemu	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślamazarne	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślamazarne	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślamazarne	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślamazarne	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślamazarni	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślamazarnych	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślamazarnych	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślamazarnych	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślamazarnymi	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślamazarnym	nieślamazarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślamazarnym	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślamazarnym	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślamazarny	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślamazarny	nieślamazarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślazowatościach	nieślazowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatościami	nieślazowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatością	nieślazowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatości	nieślazowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatości	nieślazowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatości	nieślazowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatości	nieślazowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatości	nieślazowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatościom	nieślazowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatość	nieślazowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowatość	nieślazowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowaci	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślazowata	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślazowatą	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślazowatą	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślazowatego	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślazowatego	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowatej	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślazowatej	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślazowatej	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślazowatemu	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowate	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowate	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowate	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślazowate	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślazowatych	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślazowatych	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowatych	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowatymi	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowatym	nieślazowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowatym	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowatym	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowaty	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślazowaty	nieślazowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślazowościach	nieślazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowościami	nieślazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowością	nieślazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowości	nieślazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowości	nieślazowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowości	nieślazowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowości	nieślazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowości	nieślazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowościom	nieślazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowość	nieślazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowość	nieślazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślazowa	nieślazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślazową	nieślazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślazową	nieślazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślazowego	nieślazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślazowego	nieślazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowej	nieślazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślazowej	nieślazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślazowej	nieślazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślazowemu	nieślazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowe	nieślazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowe	nieślazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowe	nieślazowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślazowe	nieślazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślazowi	nieślazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślazowych	nieślazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślazowych	nieślazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowych	nieślazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowymi	nieślazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowym	nieślazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślazowym	nieślazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowym	nieślazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślazowy	nieślazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślazowy	nieślazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśląscy	nieśląski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśląska	nieśląski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśląską	nieśląski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśląską	nieśląski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśląskich	nieśląski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśląskich	nieśląski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśląskich	nieśląski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśląskiego	nieśląski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśląskiego	nieśląski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśląskiej	nieśląski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśląskiej	nieśląski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśląskiej	nieśląski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśląskiemu	nieśląski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśląskie	nieśląski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśląskie	nieśląski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśląskie	nieśląski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśląskie	nieśląski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśląskimi	nieśląski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśląskim	nieśląski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśląskim	nieśląski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśląskim	nieśląski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśląski	nieśląski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśląski	nieśląski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśląsko	nieśląsko	adv:pos		
nieśląskościach	nieśląskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskościami	nieśląskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskością	nieśląskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskości	nieśląskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskości	nieśląskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskości	nieśląskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskości	nieśląskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskości	nieśląskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskościom	nieśląskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskość	nieśląskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśląskość	nieśląskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczo	nieśledczo	adv:pos		
nieśledczościach	nieśledczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczościami	nieśledczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczością	nieśledczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczości	nieśledczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczości	nieśledczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczości	nieśledczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczości	nieśledczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczości	nieśledczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczościom	nieśledczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczość	nieśledczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledczość	nieśledczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledcza	nieśledczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśledczą	nieśledczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśledczą	nieśledczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśledczego	nieśledczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśledczego	nieśledczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledczej	nieśledczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśledczej	nieśledczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśledczej	nieśledczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśledczemu	nieśledczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledcze	nieśledczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledcze	nieśledczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledcze	nieśledczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśledcze	nieśledczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśledczych	nieśledczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśledczych	nieśledczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledczych	nieśledczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledczymi	nieśledczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledczym	nieśledczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledczym	nieśledczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledczym	nieśledczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledczy	nieśledczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśledczy	nieśledczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśledczy	nieśledczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśledziennie	nieśledziennie	adv:pos		
nieśledziennościach	nieśledzienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziennościami	nieśledzienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziennością	nieśledzienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienności	nieśledzienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienności	nieśledzienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienności	nieśledzienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienności	nieśledzienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienności	nieśledzienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziennościom	nieśledzienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienność	nieśledzienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienność	nieśledzienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzienna	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśledzienną	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśledzienną	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśledziennego	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśledziennego	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziennej	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśledziennej	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśledziennej	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśledziennemu	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledzienne	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzienne	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzienne	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśledzienne	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśledzienni	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśledziennych	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśledziennych	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziennych	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziennymi	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziennym	nieśledzienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziennym	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziennym	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledzienny	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśledzienny	nieśledzienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśledziokształtnościach	nieśledziokształtność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtnościami	nieśledziokształtność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtnością	nieśledziokształtność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtności	nieśledziokształtność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtności	nieśledziokształtność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtności	nieśledziokształtność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtności	nieśledziokształtność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtności	nieśledziokształtność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtnościom	nieśledziokształtność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtność	nieśledziokształtność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtność	nieśledziokształtność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziokształtna	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśledziokształtną	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśledziokształtną	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśledziokształtnego	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśledziokształtnego	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtnej	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśledziokształtnej	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśledziokształtnej	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśledziokształtnemu	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtne	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtne	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtne	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśledziokształtne	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśledziokształtni	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśledziokształtnych	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśledziokształtnych	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtnych	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtnymi	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtnym	nieśledziokształtny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtnym	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtnym	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziokształtny	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśledziokształtny	nieśledziokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśledzionowościach	nieśledzionowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowościami	nieśledzionowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowością	nieśledzionowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowości	nieśledzionowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowości	nieśledzionowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowości	nieśledzionowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowości	nieśledzionowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowości	nieśledzionowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowościom	nieśledzionowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowość	nieśledzionowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowość	nieśledzionowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledzionowa	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśledzionową	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśledzionową	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśledzionowego	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśledzionowego	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledzionowej	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśledzionowej	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśledzionowej	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśledzionowemu	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledzionowe	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzionowe	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzionowe	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśledzionowe	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśledzionowi	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśledzionowych	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśledzionowych	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzionowych	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzionowymi	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzionowym	nieśledzionowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledzionowym	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledzionowym	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledzionowy	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśledzionowy	nieśledzionowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśledziowatościach	nieśledziowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatościami	nieśledziowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatością	nieśledziowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatości	nieśledziowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatości	nieśledziowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatości	nieśledziowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatości	nieśledziowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatości	nieśledziowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatościom	nieśledziowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatość	nieśledziowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowatość	nieśledziowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowaci	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśledziowata	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśledziowatą	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśledziowatą	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśledziowatego	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśledziowatego	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowatej	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśledziowatej	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśledziowatej	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśledziowatemu	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowate	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowate	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowate	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśledziowate	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśledziowatych	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśledziowatych	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowatych	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowatymi	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowatym	nieśledziowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowatym	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowatym	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowaty	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśledziowaty	nieśledziowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśledziowościach	nieśledziowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowościami	nieśledziowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowością	nieśledziowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowości	nieśledziowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowości	nieśledziowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowości	nieśledziowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowości	nieśledziowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowości	nieśledziowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowościom	nieśledziowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowość	nieśledziowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowość	nieśledziowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśledziowa	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśledziową	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśledziową	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśledziowego	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśledziowego	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowej	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśledziowej	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśledziowej	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśledziowemu	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowe	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowe	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowe	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśledziowe	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśledziowi	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśledziowych	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśledziowych	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowych	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowymi	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowym	nieśledziowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśledziowym	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowym	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśledziowy	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśledziowy	nieśledziowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślemieńscy	nieślemieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślemieńska	nieślemieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślemieńską	nieślemieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślemieńską	nieślemieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślemieńskich	nieślemieński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślemieńskich	nieślemieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślemieńskich	nieślemieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślemieńskiego	nieślemieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślemieńskiego	nieślemieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślemieńskiej	nieślemieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślemieńskiej	nieślemieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślemieńskiej	nieślemieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślemieńskiemu	nieślemieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślemieńskie	nieślemieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślemieńskie	nieślemieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślemieńskie	nieślemieński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślemieńskie	nieślemieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślemieńskimi	nieślemieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślemieńskim	nieślemieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślemieńskim	nieślemieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślemieńskim	nieślemieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślemieński	nieślemieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślemieński	nieślemieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślemieńsko	nieślemieński	adja		
nieślemieńsku	nieślemieński	adjp:dat		
nieślepawościach	nieślepawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawościami	nieślepawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawością	nieślepawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawości	nieślepawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawości	nieślepawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawości	nieślepawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawości	nieślepawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawości	nieślepawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawościom	nieślepawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawość	nieślepawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawość	nieślepawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepawa	nieślepawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślepawą	nieślepawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślepawą	nieślepawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślepawego	nieślepawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślepawego	nieślepawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepawej	nieślepawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślepawej	nieślepawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślepawej	nieślepawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślepawemu	nieślepawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepawe	nieślepawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepawe	nieślepawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepawe	nieślepawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślepawe	nieślepawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślepawi	nieślepawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślepawych	nieślepawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślepawych	nieślepawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepawych	nieślepawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepawymi	nieślepawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepawym	nieślepawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepawym	nieślepawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepawym	nieślepawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepawy	nieślepawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślepawy	nieślepawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślepo	nieślepo	adv:pos		
nieślepoocy	nieślepooki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślepooka	nieślepooki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślepooką	nieślepooki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślepooką	nieślepooki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślepookich	nieślepooki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślepookich	nieślepooki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepookich	nieślepooki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepookiego	nieślepooki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślepookiego	nieślepooki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepookiej	nieślepooki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślepookiej	nieślepooki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślepookiej	nieślepooki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślepookiemu	nieślepooki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepookie	nieślepooki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepookie	nieślepooki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepookie	nieślepooki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślepookie	nieślepooki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślepookimi	nieślepooki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepookim	nieślepooki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepookim	nieślepooki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepookim	nieślepooki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepooki	nieślepooki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślepooki	nieślepooki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślepookościach	nieślepookość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookościami	nieślepookość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookością	nieślepookość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookości	nieślepookość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookości	nieślepookość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookości	nieślepookość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookości	nieślepookość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookości	nieślepookość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookościom	nieślepookość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookość	nieślepookość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepookość	nieślepookość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepościach	nieślepość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepościami	nieślepość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepością	nieślepość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepości	nieślepość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepości	nieślepość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepości	nieślepość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepości	nieślepość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepości	nieślepość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepościom	nieślepość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepość	nieślepość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepość	nieślepość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatościach	nieślepowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatościami	nieślepowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatością	nieślepowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatości	nieślepowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatości	nieślepowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatości	nieślepowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatości	nieślepowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatości	nieślepowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatościom	nieślepowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatość	nieślepowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowatość	nieślepowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślepowaci	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślepowata	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślepowatą	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślepowatą	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślepowatego	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślepowatego	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepowatej	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślepowatej	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślepowatej	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślepowatemu	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepowate	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepowate	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepowate	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślepowate	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślepowatych	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślepowatych	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepowatych	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepowatymi	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepowatym	nieślepowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepowatym	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepowatym	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepowaty	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślepowaty	nieślepowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślepa	nieślepy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślepą	nieślepy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślepą	nieślepy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślepego	nieślepy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślepego	nieślepy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepej	nieślepy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślepej	nieślepy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślepej	nieślepy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślepemu	nieślepy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepe	nieślepy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepe	nieślepy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepe	nieślepy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślepe	nieślepy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślepi	nieślepy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślepych	nieślepy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślepych	nieślepy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepych	nieślepy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepymi	nieślepy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepym	nieślepy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślepym	nieślepy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepym	nieślepy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślepy	nieślepy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślepy	nieślepy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślesińscy	nieślesiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślesińska	nieślesiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślesińską	nieślesiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślesińską	nieślesiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślesińskich	nieślesiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślesińskich	nieślesiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślesińskich	nieślesiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślesińskiego	nieślesiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślesińskiego	nieślesiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślesińskiej	nieślesiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślesińskiej	nieślesiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślesińskiej	nieślesiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślesińskiemu	nieślesiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślesińskie	nieślesiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślesińskie	nieślesiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślesińskie	nieślesiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślesińskie	nieślesiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślesińskimi	nieślesiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślesińskim	nieślesiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślesińskim	nieślesiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślesińskim	nieślesiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślesiński	nieślesiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślesiński	nieślesiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślesińsko	nieślesińsko	adv:pos		
nieślesińskościach	nieślesińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskościami	nieślesińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskością	nieślesińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskości	nieślesińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskości	nieślesińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskości	nieślesińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskości	nieślesińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskości	nieślesińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskościom	nieślesińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskość	nieślesińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślesińskość	nieślesińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślicznie	nieślicznie	adv:pos		
nieśliczniuchnościach	nieśliczniuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchnościami	nieśliczniuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchnością	nieśliczniuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchności	nieśliczniuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchności	nieśliczniuchność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchności	nieśliczniuchność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchności	nieśliczniuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchności	nieśliczniuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchnościom	nieśliczniuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchność	nieśliczniuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchność	nieśliczniuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniuchna	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśliczniuchną	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśliczniuchną	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśliczniuchnego	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśliczniuchnego	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchnej	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśliczniuchnej	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśliczniuchnej	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśliczniuchnemu	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchne	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchne	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchne	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśliczniuchne	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśliczniuchni	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśliczniuchnych	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśliczniuchnych	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchnych	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchnymi	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchnym	nieśliczniuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchnym	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchnym	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniuchny	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśliczniuchny	nieśliczniuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśliczniutcy	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśliczniutka	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśliczniutką	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśliczniutką	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśliczniutkich	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśliczniutkich	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkich	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkiego	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśliczniutkiego	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkiej	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśliczniutkiej	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśliczniutkiej	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśliczniutkiemu	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkie	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkie	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkie	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśliczniutkie	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśliczniutkimi	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkim	nieśliczniutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkim	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniutkim	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczniutki	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśliczniutki	nieśliczniutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśliczniutko	nieśliczniutko	adv:pos		
nieśliczniutkościach	nieśliczniutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkościami	nieśliczniutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkością	nieśliczniutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkości	nieśliczniutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkości	nieśliczniutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkości	nieśliczniutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkości	nieśliczniutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkości	nieśliczniutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkościom	nieśliczniutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkość	nieśliczniutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczniutkość	nieśliczniutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślicznościach	nieśliczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślicznościami	nieśliczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślicznością	nieśliczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczności	nieśliczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczności	nieśliczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczności	nieśliczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczności	nieśliczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczności	nieśliczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślicznościom	nieśliczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczność	nieśliczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczność	nieśliczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliczna	nieśliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśliczną	nieśliczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśliczną	nieśliczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślicznego	nieśliczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślicznego	nieśliczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślicznej	nieśliczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślicznej	nieśliczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślicznej	nieśliczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślicznemu	nieśliczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczne	nieśliczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczne	nieśliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliczne	nieśliczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśliczne	nieśliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśliczni	nieśliczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślicznych	nieśliczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślicznych	nieśliczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślicznych	nieśliczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślicznymi	nieśliczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślicznym	nieśliczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślicznym	nieśliczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślicznym	nieśliczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliczny	nieśliczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśliczny	nieśliczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślimaczno	nieślimaczno	adv:pos		
nieślimacznościach	nieślimaczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimacznościami	nieślimaczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimacznością	nieślimaczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczności	nieślimaczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczności	nieślimaczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczności	nieślimaczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczności	nieślimaczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczności	nieślimaczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimacznościom	nieślimaczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczność	nieślimaczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczność	nieślimaczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczna	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślimaczną	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślimaczną	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślimacznego	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślimacznego	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimacznej	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślimacznej	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślimacznej	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślimacznemu	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimaczne	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimaczne	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimaczne	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślimaczne	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślimaczni	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślimacznych	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślimacznych	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimacznych	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimacznymi	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimacznym	nieślimaczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimacznym	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimacznym	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimaczny	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślimaczny	nieślimaczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślimaczo	nieślimaczo	adv:pos		
nieślimaczościach	nieślimaczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczościami	nieślimaczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczością	nieślimaczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczości	nieślimaczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczości	nieślimaczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczości	nieślimaczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczości	nieślimaczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczości	nieślimaczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczościom	nieślimaczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczość	nieślimaczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimaczość	nieślimaczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimacza	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślimaczą	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślimaczą	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślimaczego	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślimaczego	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimaczej	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślimaczej	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślimaczej	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślimaczemu	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimacze	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimacze	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimacze	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślimacze	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślimaczych	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślimaczych	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimaczych	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimaczymi	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimaczym	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimaczym	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimaczym	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimaczy	nieślimaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślimaczy	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślimaczy	nieślimaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślimakowato	nieślimakowato	adv:pos		
nieślimakowatościach	nieślimakowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatościami	nieślimakowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatością	nieślimakowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatości	nieślimakowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatości	nieślimakowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatości	nieślimakowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatości	nieślimakowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatości	nieślimakowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatościom	nieślimakowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatość	nieślimakowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowatość	nieślimakowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowaci	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślimakowata	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślimakowatą	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślimakowatą	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślimakowatego	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślimakowatego	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowatej	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślimakowatej	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślimakowatej	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślimakowatemu	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowate	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowate	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowate	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślimakowate	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślimakowatych	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślimakowatych	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowatych	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowatymi	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowatym	nieślimakowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowatym	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowatym	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowaty	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślimakowaty	nieślimakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślimakowościach	nieślimakowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowościami	nieślimakowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowością	nieślimakowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowości	nieślimakowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowości	nieślimakowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowości	nieślimakowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowości	nieślimakowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowości	nieślimakowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowościom	nieślimakowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowość	nieślimakowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowość	nieślimakowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślimakowa	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślimakową	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślimakową	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślimakowego	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślimakowego	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowej	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślimakowej	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślimakowej	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślimakowemu	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowe	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowe	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowe	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślimakowe	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślimakowi	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślimakowych	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślimakowych	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowych	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowymi	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowym	nieślimakowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślimakowym	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowym	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślimakowy	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślimakowy	nieślimakowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślinowościach	nieślinowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowościami	nieślinowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowością	nieślinowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowości	nieślinowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowości	nieślinowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowości	nieślinowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowości	nieślinowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowości	nieślinowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowościom	nieślinowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowość	nieślinowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowość	nieślinowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślinowa	nieślinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślinową	nieślinowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślinową	nieślinowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślinowego	nieślinowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślinowego	nieślinowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślinowej	nieślinowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślinowej	nieślinowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślinowej	nieślinowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślinowemu	nieślinowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślinowe	nieślinowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślinowe	nieślinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślinowe	nieślinowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślinowe	nieślinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślinowi	nieślinowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślinowych	nieślinowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślinowych	nieślinowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślinowych	nieślinowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślinowymi	nieślinowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślinowym	nieślinowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślinowym	nieślinowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślinowym	nieślinowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślinowy	nieślinowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślinowy	nieślinowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśliscy	nieśliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśliska	nieśliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśliską	nieśliski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśliską	nieśliski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśliskich	nieśliski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśliskich	nieśliski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliskich	nieśliski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliskiego	nieśliski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśliskiego	nieśliski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliskiej	nieśliski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśliskiej	nieśliski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśliskiej	nieśliski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśliskiemu	nieśliski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliskie	nieśliski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliskie	nieśliski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliskie	nieśliski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśliskie	nieśliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśliskimi	nieśliski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliskim	nieśliski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliskim	nieśliski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliskim	nieśliski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliski	nieśliski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśliski	nieśliski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślisko	nieślisko	adv:pos		
nieśliskościach	nieśliskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskościami	nieśliskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskością	nieśliskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskości	nieśliskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskości	nieśliskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskości	nieśliskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskości	nieśliskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskości	nieśliskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskościom	nieśliskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskość	nieśliskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliskość	nieśliskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwiccy	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśliwicka	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśliwicką	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśliwicką	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśliwickich	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśliwickich	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwickich	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwickiego	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśliwickiego	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwickiej	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśliwickiej	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśliwickiej	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśliwickiemu	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwickie	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwickie	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwickie	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśliwickie	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśliwickimi	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwickim	nieśliwicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwickim	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwickim	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwicki	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśliwicki	nieśliwicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśliwicko	nieśliwicko	adv:pos		
nieśliwickościach	nieśliwickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickościami	nieśliwickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickością	nieśliwickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickości	nieśliwickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickości	nieśliwickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickości	nieśliwickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickości	nieśliwickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickości	nieśliwickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickościom	nieśliwickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickość	nieśliwickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwickość	nieśliwickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowościach	nieśliwkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowościami	nieśliwkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowością	nieśliwkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowości	nieśliwkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowości	nieśliwkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowości	nieśliwkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowości	nieśliwkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowości	nieśliwkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowościom	nieśliwkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowość	nieśliwkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowość	nieśliwkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwkowa	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśliwkową	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśliwkową	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśliwkowego	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśliwkowego	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwkowej	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśliwkowej	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśliwkowej	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśliwkowemu	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwkowe	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwkowe	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwkowe	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśliwkowe	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśliwkowi	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśliwkowych	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśliwkowych	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwkowych	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwkowymi	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwkowym	nieśliwkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwkowym	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwkowym	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwkowy	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśliwkowy	nieśliwkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśliwowościach	nieśliwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowościami	nieśliwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowością	nieśliwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowości	nieśliwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowości	nieśliwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowości	nieśliwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowości	nieśliwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowości	nieśliwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowościom	nieśliwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowość	nieśliwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowość	nieśliwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśliwowa	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśliwową	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśliwową	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśliwowego	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśliwowego	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwowej	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśliwowej	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśliwowej	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśliwowemu	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwowe	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwowe	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwowe	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśliwowe	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśliwowi	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśliwowych	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśliwowych	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwowych	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwowymi	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwowym	nieśliwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśliwowym	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwowym	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśliwowy	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśliwowy	nieśliwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślizgarscy	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślizgarska	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślizgarską	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślizgarską	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślizgarskich	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślizgarskich	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgarskich	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgarskiego	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślizgarskiego	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgarskiej	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślizgarskiej	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślizgarskiej	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślizgarskiemu	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgarskie	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgarskie	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgarskie	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślizgarskie	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślizgarskimi	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgarskim	nieślizgarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgarskim	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgarskim	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgarski	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślizgarski	nieślizgarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślizgarsko	nieślizgarsko	adv:pos		
nieślizgarskościach	nieślizgarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskościami	nieślizgarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskością	nieślizgarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskości	nieślizgarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskości	nieślizgarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskości	nieślizgarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskości	nieślizgarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskości	nieślizgarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskościom	nieślizgarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskość	nieślizgarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgarskość	nieślizgarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowościach	nieślizgawkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowościami	nieślizgawkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowością	nieślizgawkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowości	nieślizgawkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowości	nieślizgawkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowości	nieślizgawkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowości	nieślizgawkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowości	nieślizgawkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowościom	nieślizgawkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowość	nieślizgawkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowość	nieślizgawkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgawkowa	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślizgawkową	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślizgawkową	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślizgawkowego	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślizgawkowego	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowej	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślizgawkowej	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślizgawkowej	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślizgawkowemu	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowe	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowe	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowe	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślizgawkowe	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślizgawkowi	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślizgawkowych	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślizgawkowych	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowych	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowymi	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowym	nieślizgawkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowym	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowym	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgawkowy	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślizgawkowy	nieślizgawkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślizgowatościach	nieślizgowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatościami	nieślizgowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatością	nieślizgowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatości	nieślizgowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatości	nieślizgowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatości	nieślizgowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatości	nieślizgowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatości	nieślizgowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatościom	nieślizgowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatość	nieślizgowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowatość	nieślizgowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowaci	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślizgowata	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślizgowatą	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślizgowatą	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślizgowatego	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślizgowatego	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowatej	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślizgowatej	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślizgowatej	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślizgowatemu	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowate	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowate	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowate	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślizgowate	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślizgowatych	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślizgowatych	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowatych	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowatymi	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowatym	nieślizgowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowatym	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowatym	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowaty	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślizgowaty	nieślizgowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślizgowościach	nieślizgowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowościami	nieślizgowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowością	nieślizgowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowości	nieślizgowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowości	nieślizgowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowości	nieślizgowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowości	nieślizgowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowości	nieślizgowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowościom	nieślizgowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowość	nieślizgowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowość	nieślizgowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślizgowa	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślizgową	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślizgową	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślizgowego	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślizgowego	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowej	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślizgowej	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślizgowej	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślizgowemu	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowe	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowe	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowe	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślizgowe	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślizgowi	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślizgowych	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślizgowych	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowych	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowymi	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowym	nieślizgowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślizgowym	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowym	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślizgowy	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślizgowy	nieślizgowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślubnie	nieślubnie	adv:pos		
nieślubnościach	nieślubność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubnościami	nieślubność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubnością	nieślubność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubności	nieślubność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubności	nieślubność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubności	nieślubność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubności	nieślubność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubności	nieślubność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubnościom	nieślubność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubność	nieślubność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubność	nieślubność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślubna	nieślubny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślubną	nieślubny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślubną	nieślubny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślubnego	nieślubny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślubnego	nieślubny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślubnej	nieślubny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślubnej	nieślubny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślubnej	nieślubny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślubnemu	nieślubny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślubne	nieślubny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślubne	nieślubny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślubne	nieślubny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślubne	nieślubny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślubni	nieślubny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślubnych	nieślubny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślubnych	nieślubny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślubnych	nieślubny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślubnymi	nieślubny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślubnym	nieślubny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślubnym	nieślubny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślubnym	nieślubny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślubny	nieślubny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślubny	nieślubny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślusarscy	nieślusarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieślusarska	nieślusarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieślusarską	nieślusarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieślusarską	nieślusarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieślusarskich	nieślusarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieślusarskich	nieślusarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślusarskich	nieślusarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślusarskiego	nieślusarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieślusarskiego	nieślusarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślusarskiej	nieślusarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieślusarskiej	nieślusarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieślusarskiej	nieślusarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieślusarskiemu	nieślusarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślusarskie	nieślusarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślusarskie	nieślusarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślusarskie	nieślusarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieślusarskie	nieślusarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieślusarskimi	nieślusarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślusarskim	nieślusarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieślusarskim	nieślusarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślusarskim	nieślusarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieślusarski	nieślusarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieślusarski	nieślusarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieślusarsko	nieślusarsko	adv:pos		
nieślusarskościach	nieślusarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskościami	nieślusarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskością	nieślusarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskości	nieślusarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskości	nieślusarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskości	nieślusarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskości	nieślusarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskości	nieślusarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskościom	nieślusarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskość	nieślusarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieślusarskość	nieślusarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatościach	nieśluzakowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatościami	nieśluzakowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatością	nieśluzakowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatości	nieśluzakowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatości	nieśluzakowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatości	nieśluzakowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatości	nieśluzakowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatości	nieśluzakowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatościom	nieśluzakowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatość	nieśluzakowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowatość	nieśluzakowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzakowaci	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśluzakowata	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśluzakowatą	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśluzakowatą	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśluzakowatego	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśluzakowatego	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzakowatej	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśluzakowatej	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśluzakowatej	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśluzakowatemu	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzakowate	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzakowate	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzakowate	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśluzakowate	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśluzakowatych	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśluzakowatych	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzakowatych	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzakowatymi	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzakowatym	nieśluzakowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzakowatym	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzakowatym	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzakowaty	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśluzakowaty	nieśluzakowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśluzowatościach	nieśluzowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatościami	nieśluzowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatością	nieśluzowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatości	nieśluzowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatości	nieśluzowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatości	nieśluzowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatości	nieśluzowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatości	nieśluzowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatościom	nieśluzowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatość	nieśluzowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowatość	nieśluzowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowaci	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśluzowata	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśluzowatą	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśluzowatą	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśluzowatego	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśluzowatego	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowatej	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśluzowatej	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśluzowatej	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśluzowatemu	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowate	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowate	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowate	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśluzowate	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśluzowatych	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśluzowatych	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowatych	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowatymi	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowatym	nieśluzowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowatym	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowatym	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowaty	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśluzowaty	nieśluzowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśluzowościach	nieśluzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowościami	nieśluzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowością	nieśluzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowości	nieśluzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowości	nieśluzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowości	nieśluzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowości	nieśluzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowości	nieśluzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowościom	nieśluzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowość	nieśluzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowość	nieśluzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśluzowa	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśluzową	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśluzową	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśluzowego	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśluzowego	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowej	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśluzowej	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśluzowej	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśluzowemu	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowe	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowe	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowe	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśluzowe	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśluzowi	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśluzowych	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśluzowych	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowych	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowymi	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowym	nieśluzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśluzowym	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowym	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśluzowy	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśluzowy	nieśluzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiałek	nieśmiałek	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałkach	nieśmiałek	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałkami	nieśmiałek	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałka	nieśmiałek	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałkiem	nieśmiałek	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałki	nieśmiałek	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałkom	nieśmiałek	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałkowie	nieśmiałek	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałkowi	nieśmiałek	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałków	nieśmiałek	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałku	nieśmiałek	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiałku	nieśmiałek	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiało	nieśmiało:d1	adv:pos		
nieśmielej	nieśmiało:d1	adv:com		
nieśmiało	nieśmiało:d2	adv:pos		
nieśmiałościach	nieśmiałość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałościami	nieśmiałość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałością	nieśmiałość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałości	nieśmiałość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałości	nieśmiałość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałości	nieśmiałość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałości	nieśmiałość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałości	nieśmiałość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałościom	nieśmiałość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałość	nieśmiałość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiałość	nieśmiałość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiali	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiała	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiałą	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiałą	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiałego	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiałego	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiałej	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiałej	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiałej	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiałemu	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiało	nieśmiały:a1	adja		
nieśmiałych	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiałych	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałych	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałymi	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałym	nieśmiały:a1	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałym	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiałym	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiały	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiały	nieśmiały:a1	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiali	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiała	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiałą	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiałą	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiałego	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiałego	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiałej	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiałej	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiałej	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiałemu	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmiałe	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiałych	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiałych	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałych	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałymi	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałym	nieśmiały:a2	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiałym	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiałym	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiały	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiały	nieśmiały:a2	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiechulscy	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiechulska	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiechulską	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiechulską	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiechulskich	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiechulskich	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskich	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskiego	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiechulskiego	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskiej	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiechulskiej	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiechulskiej	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiechulskiemu	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskie	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskie	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskie	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmiechulskie	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiechulskimi	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskim	nieśmiechulski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskim	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiechulskim	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiechulski	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiechulski	nieśmiechulski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiechulsko	nieśmiechulsko	adv:pos		
nieśmiechulskościach	nieśmiechulskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskościami	nieśmiechulskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskością	nieśmiechulskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskości	nieśmiechulskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskości	nieśmiechulskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskości	nieśmiechulskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskości	nieśmiechulskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskości	nieśmiechulskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskościom	nieśmiechulskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskość	nieśmiechulskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiechulskość	nieśmiechulskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarscy	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmieciarska	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmieciarską	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmieciarską	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmieciarskich	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmieciarskich	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskich	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskiego	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmieciarskiego	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskiej	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmieciarskiej	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmieciarskiej	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmieciarskiemu	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskie	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskie	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskie	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmieciarskie	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmieciarskimi	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskim	nieśmieciarski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskim	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciarskim	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciarski	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmieciarski	nieśmieciarski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmieciarsko	nieśmieciarsko	adv:pos		
nieśmieciarskościach	nieśmieciarskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskościami	nieśmieciarskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskością	nieśmieciarskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskości	nieśmieciarskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskości	nieśmieciarskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskości	nieśmieciarskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskości	nieśmieciarskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskości	nieśmieciarskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskościom	nieśmieciarskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskość	nieśmieciarskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciarskość	nieśmieciarskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatościach	nieśmieciowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatościami	nieśmieciowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatością	nieśmieciowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatości	nieśmieciowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatości	nieśmieciowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatości	nieśmieciowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatości	nieśmieciowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatości	nieśmieciowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatościom	nieśmieciowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatość	nieśmieciowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowatość	nieśmieciowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowaci	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmieciowata	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmieciowatą	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmieciowatą	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmieciowatego	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmieciowatego	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowatej	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmieciowatej	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmieciowatej	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmieciowatemu	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowate	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowate	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowate	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmieciowate	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmieciowatych	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmieciowatych	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowatych	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowatymi	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowatym	nieśmieciowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowatym	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowatym	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowaty	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmieciowaty	nieśmieciowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmieciowościach	nieśmieciowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowościami	nieśmieciowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowością	nieśmieciowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowości	nieśmieciowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowości	nieśmieciowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowości	nieśmieciowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowości	nieśmieciowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowości	nieśmieciowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowościom	nieśmieciowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowość	nieśmieciowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowość	nieśmieciowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieciowa	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmieciową	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmieciową	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmieciowego	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmieciowego	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowej	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmieciowej	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmieciowej	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmieciowemu	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowe	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowe	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowe	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmieciowe	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmieciowi	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmieciowych	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmieciowych	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowych	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowymi	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowym	nieśmieciowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciowym	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowym	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciowy	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmieciowy	nieśmieciowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiecistościach	nieśmiecistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistościami	nieśmiecistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistością	nieśmiecistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistości	nieśmiecistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistości	nieśmiecistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistości	nieśmiecistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistości	nieśmiecistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistości	nieśmiecistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistościom	nieśmiecistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistość	nieśmiecistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecistość	nieśmiecistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiecista	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiecistą	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiecistą	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiecistego	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiecistego	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiecistej	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiecistej	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiecistej	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiecistemu	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieciste	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciste	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieciste	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmieciste	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiecistych	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiecistych	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiecistych	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiecistymi	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiecistym	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiecistym	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiecistym	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiecisty	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiecisty	nieśmiecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmieciści	nieśmiecisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiele	nieśmiele:d1	adv:pos		poet.|książk.
nieśmiele	nieśmiele:d2	adv:pos		
nieśmierciodajnościach	nieśmierciodajność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajnościami	nieśmierciodajność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajnością	nieśmierciodajność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajności	nieśmierciodajność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajności	nieśmierciodajność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajności	nieśmierciodajność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajności	nieśmierciodajność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajności	nieśmierciodajność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajnościom	nieśmierciodajność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajność	nieśmierciodajność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajność	nieśmierciodajność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciodajna	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmierciodajną	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmierciodajną	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmierciodajnego	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmierciodajnego	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajnej	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmierciodajnej	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmierciodajnej	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmierciodajnemu	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajne	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajne	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajne	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmierciodajne	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmierciodajni	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmierciodajnych	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmierciodajnych	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajnych	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajnymi	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajnym	nieśmierciodajny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajnym	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajnym	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciodajny	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmierciodajny	nieśmierciodajny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmierciolotnościach	nieśmierciolotność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotnościami	nieśmierciolotność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotnością	nieśmierciolotność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotności	nieśmierciolotność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotności	nieśmierciolotność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotności	nieśmierciolotność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotności	nieśmierciolotność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotności	nieśmierciolotność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotnościom	nieśmierciolotność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotność	nieśmierciolotność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotność	nieśmierciolotność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierciolotna	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmierciolotną	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmierciolotną	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmierciolotnego	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmierciolotnego	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotnej	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmierciolotnej	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmierciolotnej	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmierciolotnemu	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotne	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotne	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotne	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmierciolotne	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmierciolotni	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmierciolotnych	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmierciolotnych	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotnych	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotnymi	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotnym	nieśmierciolotny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotnym	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotnym	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierciolotny	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmierciolotny	nieśmierciolotny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiercionoszościach	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszościami	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszością	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszości	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszości	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszości	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszości	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszości	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszościom	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszość	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionoszość	nieśmiercionoszość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionosi	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiercionosza	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiercionoszą	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiercionoszą	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiercionoszego	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiercionoszego	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszej	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiercionoszej	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiercionoszej	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiercionoszemu	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionosze	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionosze	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionosze	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmiercionosze	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszych	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiercionoszych	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszych	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszymi	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszym	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszym	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszym	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionoszy	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiercionoszy	nieśmiercionoszy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiercionośnie	nieśmiercionośnie	adv:pos		
nieśmiercionośnościach	nieśmiercionośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośnościami	nieśmiercionośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośnością	nieśmiercionośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośności	nieśmiercionośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośności	nieśmiercionośność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośności	nieśmiercionośność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośności	nieśmiercionośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośności	nieśmiercionośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośnościom	nieśmiercionośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośność	nieśmiercionośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośność	nieśmiercionośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercionośna	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiercionośną	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiercionośną	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiercionośnego	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiercionośnego	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośnej	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiercionośnej	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiercionośnej	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiercionośnemu	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośne	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośne	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośne	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmiercionośne	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiercionośni	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiercionośnych	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiercionośnych	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośnych	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośnymi	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośnym	nieśmiercionośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośnym	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośnym	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercionośny	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiercionośny	nieśmiercionośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłościach	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłościami	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłością	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłości	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłości	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłości	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłości	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłości	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłościom	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłość	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydłość	nieśmiercioskrzydłość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiercioskrzydli	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydła	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłą	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłą	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłego	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłego	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłej	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłej	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłej	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłemu	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłe	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłe	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłe	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłe	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłych	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłych	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłych	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłymi	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłym	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłym	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydłym	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydły	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiercioskrzydły	nieśmiercioskrzydły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmierdząco	nieśmierdząco	adv:pos		
nieśmierdzącościach	nieśmierdzącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącościami	nieśmierdzącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącością	nieśmierdzącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącości	nieśmierdzącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącości	nieśmierdzącość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącości	nieśmierdzącość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącości	nieśmierdzącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącości	nieśmierdzącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącościom	nieśmierdzącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącość	nieśmierdzącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdzącość	nieśmierdzącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmierdząca	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmierdzącą	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmierdzącą	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmierdzącego	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmierdzącego	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierdzącej	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmierdzącej	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmierdzącej	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmierdzącemu	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierdzące	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierdzące	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierdzące	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmierdzące	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmierdzących	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmierdzących	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierdzących	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierdzącymi	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierdzącym	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmierdzącym	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierdzącym	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmierdzący	nieśmierdzący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmierdzący	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmierdzący	nieśmierdzący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiertelna	nieśmiertelna	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelna	nieśmiertelna	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelną	nieśmiertelna	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelną	nieśmiertelna	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnej	nieśmiertelna	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnej	nieśmiertelna	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelna	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelna	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelna	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnymi	nieśmiertelna	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelna	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnego	nieśmiertelne	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelnemu	nieśmiertelne	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelne	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelne	subst:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelne	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelne	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelnymi	nieśmiertelne	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelne	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelne	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelne	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
nieśmiertelniczce	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczek	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczkach	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczkami	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczka	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczką	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczkę	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczki	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczki	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczkom	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniczko	nieśmiertelniczka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnie	nieśmiertelnie	adv:pos		
nieśmiertelnikach	nieśmiertelnik	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnikami	nieśmiertelnik	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnika	nieśmiertelnik	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnikiem	nieśmiertelnik	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniki	nieśmiertelnik	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnik	nieśmiertelnik	subst:sg:nom.acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnikom	nieśmiertelnik	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnikowi	nieśmiertelnik	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelników	nieśmiertelnik	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniku	nieśmiertelnik	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelniku	nieśmiertelnik	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnościach	nieśmiertelność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnościami	nieśmiertelność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnością	nieśmiertelność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelności	nieśmiertelność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelności	nieśmiertelność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelności	nieśmiertelność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelności	nieśmiertelność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelności	nieśmiertelność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnościom	nieśmiertelność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelność	nieśmiertelność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelność	nieśmiertelność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelna	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmiertelną	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmiertelną	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiertelnego	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiertelnego	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiertelnej	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiertelnej	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiertelnej	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiertelnemu	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmiertelni	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiertelnymi	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiertelny	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmiertelny	nieśmiertelny:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmiertelnego	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnemu	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelne	nieśmiertelny:s	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelni	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnych	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnymi	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelnym	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelny	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiertelny	nieśmiertelny:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiesznie	nieśmiesznie	adv:pos		
nieśmieszno	nieśmieszno	adv:pos		
nieśmiesznościach	nieśmieszność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiesznościami	nieśmieszność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiesznością	nieśmieszność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszności	nieśmieszność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszności	nieśmieszność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszności	nieśmieszność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszności	nieśmieszność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszności	nieśmieszność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmiesznościom	nieśmieszność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszność	nieśmieszność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszność	nieśmieszność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmieszna	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmieszną	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmieszną	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmiesznego	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmiesznego	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiesznej	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmiesznej	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmiesznej	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmiesznemu	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieszne	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieszne	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmieszne	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmieszne	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmieszni	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmiesznych	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmiesznych	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiesznych	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiesznymi	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiesznym	nieśmieszny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmiesznym	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmiesznym	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmieszny	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmieszny	nieśmieszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmietankowościach	nieśmietankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowościami	nieśmietankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowością	nieśmietankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowości	nieśmietankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowości	nieśmietankowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowości	nieśmietankowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowości	nieśmietankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowości	nieśmietankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowościom	nieśmietankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowość	nieśmietankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowość	nieśmietankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietankowa	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmietankową	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmietankową	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmietankowego	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmietankowego	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietankowej	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmietankowej	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmietankowej	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmietankowemu	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietankowe	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietankowe	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietankowe	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmietankowe	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmietankowi	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmietankowych	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmietankowych	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietankowych	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietankowymi	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietankowym	nieśmietankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietankowym	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietankowym	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietankowy	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmietankowy	nieśmietankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmietanowościach	nieśmietanowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowościami	nieśmietanowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowością	nieśmietanowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowości	nieśmietanowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowości	nieśmietanowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowości	nieśmietanowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowości	nieśmietanowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowości	nieśmietanowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowościom	nieśmietanowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowość	nieśmietanowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowość	nieśmietanowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietanowa	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmietanową	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmietanową	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmietanowego	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmietanowego	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietanowej	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmietanowej	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmietanowej	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmietanowemu	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietanowe	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietanowe	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietanowe	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmietanowe	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmietanowi	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmietanowych	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmietanowych	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietanowych	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietanowymi	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietanowym	nieśmietanowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietanowym	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietanowym	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietanowy	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmietanowy	nieśmietanowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmietnikowościach	nieśmietnikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowościami	nieśmietnikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowością	nieśmietnikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowości	nieśmietnikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowości	nieśmietnikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowości	nieśmietnikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowości	nieśmietnikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowości	nieśmietnikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowościom	nieśmietnikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowość	nieśmietnikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowość	nieśmietnikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmietnikowa	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmietnikową	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmietnikową	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmietnikowego	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmietnikowego	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowej	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmietnikowej	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmietnikowej	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmietnikowemu	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowe	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowe	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowe	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmietnikowe	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmietnikowi	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmietnikowych	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmietnikowych	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowych	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowymi	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowym	nieśmietnikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowym	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowym	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmietnikowy	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmietnikowy	nieśmietnikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmigielscy	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmigielska	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmigielską	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmigielską	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmigielskich	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmigielskich	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigielskich	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigielskiego	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmigielskiego	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigielskiej	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmigielskiej	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmigielskiej	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmigielskiemu	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigielskie	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigielskie	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigielskie	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmigielskie	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmigielskimi	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigielskim	nieśmigielski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigielskim	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigielskim	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigielski	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmigielski	nieśmigielski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmigielsko	nieśmigielsko	adv:pos		
nieśmigielskościach	nieśmigielskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskościami	nieśmigielskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskością	nieśmigielskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskości	nieśmigielskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskości	nieśmigielskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskości	nieśmigielskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskości	nieśmigielskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskości	nieśmigielskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskościom	nieśmigielskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskość	nieśmigielskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigielskość	nieśmigielskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigle	nieśmigle	adv:pos		
nieśmigło	nieśmigło	adv:pos		
nieśmigłonodzy	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmigłonoga	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmigłonogą	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmigłonogą	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmigłonogich	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmigłonogich	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogich	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogiego	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmigłonogiego	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogiej	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmigłonogiej	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmigłonogiej	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmigłonogiemu	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogie	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogie	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogie	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmigłonogie	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmigłonogimi	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogim	nieśmigłonogi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogim	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogim	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłonogi	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmigłonogi	nieśmigłonogi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmigłonogościach	nieśmigłonogość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogościami	nieśmigłonogość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogością	nieśmigłonogość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogości	nieśmigłonogość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogości	nieśmigłonogość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogości	nieśmigłonogość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogości	nieśmigłonogość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogości	nieśmigłonogość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogościom	nieśmigłonogość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogość	nieśmigłonogość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłonogość	nieśmigłonogość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłościach	nieśmigłość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłościami	nieśmigłość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłością	nieśmigłość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłości	nieśmigłość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłości	nieśmigłość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłości	nieśmigłość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłości	nieśmigłość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłości	nieśmigłość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłościom	nieśmigłość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłość	nieśmigłość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłość	nieśmigłość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowościach	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowościami	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowością	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowości	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowości	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowości	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowości	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowości	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowościom	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowość	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowość	nieśmigłowcowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowcowa	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmigłowcową	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmigłowcową	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmigłowcowego	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmigłowcowego	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowej	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmigłowcowej	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmigłowcowej	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmigłowcowemu	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowe	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowe	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowe	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowe	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowi	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmigłowcowych	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmigłowcowych	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowych	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowymi	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowym	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowym	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowym	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowcowy	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmigłowcowy	nieśmigłowcowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmigłowościach	nieśmigłowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowościami	nieśmigłowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowością	nieśmigłowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowości	nieśmigłowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowości	nieśmigłowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowości	nieśmigłowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowości	nieśmigłowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowości	nieśmigłowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowościom	nieśmigłowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowość	nieśmigłowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowość	nieśmigłowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigłowa	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmigłową	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmigłową	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmigłowego	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmigłowego	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowej	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmigłowej	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmigłowej	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmigłowemu	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowe	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowe	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowe	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmigłowe	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmigłowi	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmigłowych	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmigłowych	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowych	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowymi	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowym	nieśmigłowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłowym	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowym	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłowy	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmigłowy	nieśmigłowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmigli	nieśmigły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmigła	nieśmigły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmigłą	nieśmigły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmigłą	nieśmigły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmigłego	nieśmigły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmigłego	nieśmigły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłej	nieśmigły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmigłej	nieśmigły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmigłej	nieśmigły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmigłemu	nieśmigły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłe	nieśmigły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłe	nieśmigły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłe	nieśmigły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmigłe	nieśmigły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmigłych	nieśmigły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmigłych	nieśmigły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłych	nieśmigły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłymi	nieśmigły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłym	nieśmigły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigłym	nieśmigły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigłym	nieśmigły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigły	nieśmigły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmigły	nieśmigły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśmigusowościach	nieśmigusowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowościami	nieśmigusowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowością	nieśmigusowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowości	nieśmigusowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowości	nieśmigusowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowości	nieśmigusowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowości	nieśmigusowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowości	nieśmigusowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowościom	nieśmigusowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowość	nieśmigusowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowość	nieśmigusowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśmigusowa	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśmigusową	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśmigusową	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśmigusowego	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśmigusowego	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigusowej	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśmigusowej	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśmigusowej	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśmigusowemu	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigusowe	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigusowe	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigusowe	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśmigusowe	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśmigusowi	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśmigusowych	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśmigusowych	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigusowych	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigusowymi	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigusowym	nieśmigusowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśmigusowym	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigusowym	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśmigusowy	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśmigusowy	nieśmigusowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadalnościach	nieśniadalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalnościami	nieśniadalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalnością	nieśniadalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalności	nieśniadalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalności	nieśniadalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalności	nieśniadalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalności	nieśniadalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalności	nieśniadalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalnościom	nieśniadalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalność	nieśniadalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalność	nieśniadalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadalna	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadalną	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadalną	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadalnego	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadalnego	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadalnej	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadalnej	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadalnej	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadalnemu	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadalne	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadalne	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadalne	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadalne	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadalni	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadalnych	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadalnych	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadalnych	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadalnymi	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadalnym	nieśniadalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadalnym	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadalnym	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadalny	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadalny	nieśniadalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadaniowościach	nieśniadaniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowościami	nieśniadaniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowością	nieśniadaniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowości	nieśniadaniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowości	nieśniadaniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowości	nieśniadaniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowości	nieśniadaniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowości	nieśniadaniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowościom	nieśniadaniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowość	nieśniadaniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowość	nieśniadaniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadaniowa	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadaniową	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadaniową	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadaniowego	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadaniowego	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowej	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadaniowej	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadaniowej	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadaniowemu	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowe	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowe	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowe	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadaniowe	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadaniowi	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadaniowych	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadaniowych	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowych	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowymi	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowym	nieśniadaniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowym	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowym	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadaniowy	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadaniowy	nieśniadaniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadankowościach	nieśniadankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowościami	nieśniadankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowością	nieśniadankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowości	nieśniadankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowości	nieśniadankowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowości	nieśniadankowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowości	nieśniadankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowości	nieśniadankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowościom	nieśniadankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowość	nieśniadankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowość	nieśniadankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadankowa	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadankową	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadankową	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadankowego	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadankowego	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadankowej	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadankowej	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadankowej	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadankowemu	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadankowe	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadankowe	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadankowe	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadankowe	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadankowi	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadankowych	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadankowych	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadankowych	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadankowymi	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadankowym	nieśniadankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadankowym	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadankowym	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadankowy	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadankowy	nieśniadankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadannościach	nieśniadanność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadannościami	nieśniadanność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadannością	nieśniadanność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanności	nieśniadanność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanności	nieśniadanność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanności	nieśniadanność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanności	nieśniadanność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanności	nieśniadanność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadannościom	nieśniadanność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanność	nieśniadanność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanność	nieśniadanność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadanna	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadanną	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadanną	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadannego	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadannego	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadannej	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadannej	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadannej	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadannemu	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadanne	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadanne	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadanne	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadanne	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadanni	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadannych	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadannych	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadannych	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadannymi	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadannym	nieśniadanny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadannym	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadannym	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadanny	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadanny	nieśniadanny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadawościach	nieśniadawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawościami	nieśniadawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawością	nieśniadawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawości	nieśniadawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawości	nieśniadawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawości	nieśniadawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawości	nieśniadawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawości	nieśniadawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawościom	nieśniadawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawość	nieśniadawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawość	nieśniadawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadawa	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadawą	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadawą	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadawego	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadawego	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadawej	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadawej	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadawej	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadawemu	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadawe	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadawe	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadawe	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadawe	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadawi	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadawych	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadawych	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadawych	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadawymi	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadawym	nieśniadawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadawym	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadawym	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadawy	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadawy	nieśniadawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniado	nieśniado	adv:pos		
nieśniadolicościach	nieśniadolicość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicościami	nieśniadolicość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicością	nieśniadolicość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicości	nieśniadolicość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicości	nieśniadolicość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicości	nieśniadolicość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicości	nieśniadolicość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicości	nieśniadolicość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicościom	nieśniadolicość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicość	nieśniadolicość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolicość	nieśniadolicość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadolica	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadolicą	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadolicą	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadolicego	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadolicego	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadolicej	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadolicej	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadolicej	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadolicemu	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadolice	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadolice	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadolice	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadolice	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadolicych	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadolicych	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadolicych	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadolicymi	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadolicym	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadolicym	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadolicym	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadolicy	nieśniadolicy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadolicy	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadolicy	nieśniadolicy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadoskórościach	nieśniadoskórość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórościami	nieśniadoskórość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórością	nieśniadoskórość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórości	nieśniadoskórość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórości	nieśniadoskórość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórości	nieśniadoskórość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórości	nieśniadoskórość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórości	nieśniadoskórość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórościom	nieśniadoskórość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórość	nieśniadoskórość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskórość	nieśniadoskórość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadoskóra	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadoskórą	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadoskórą	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadoskórego	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadoskórego	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadoskórej	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadoskórej	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadoskórej	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadoskóremu	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadoskóre	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadoskóre	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadoskóre	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadoskóre	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadoskórych	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadoskórych	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadoskórych	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadoskórymi	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadoskórym	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadoskórym	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadoskórym	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadoskóry	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadoskóry	nieśniadoskóry	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadoskórzy	nieśniadoskóry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadościach	nieśniadość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadościami	nieśniadość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadością	nieśniadość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadości	nieśniadość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadości	nieśniadość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadości	nieśniadość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadości	nieśniadość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadości	nieśniadość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadościom	nieśniadość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadość	nieśniadość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadość	nieśniadość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowscy	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniadowska	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadowską	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadowską	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadowskich	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadowskich	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadowskich	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadowskiego	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadowskiego	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadowskiej	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadowskiej	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadowskiej	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniadowskiemu	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadowskie	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadowskie	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadowskie	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniadowskie	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadowskimi	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadowskim	nieśniadowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadowskim	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadowskim	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadowski	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniadowski	nieśniadowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadowsko	nieśniadowsko	adv:pos		
nieśniadowskościach	nieśniadowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskościami	nieśniadowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskością	nieśniadowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskości	nieśniadowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskości	nieśniadowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskości	nieśniadowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskości	nieśniadowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskości	nieśniadowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskościom	nieśniadowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskość	nieśniadowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniadowskość	nieśniadowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniada	nieśniady	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniadą	nieśniady	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniadą	nieśniady	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniadego	nieśniady	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniadego	nieśniady	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadej	nieśniady	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniadej	nieśniady	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniadej	nieśniady	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniademu	nieśniady	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniade	nieśniady	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniade	nieśniady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniade	nieśniady	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniade	nieśniady	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniadych	nieśniady	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniadych	nieśniady	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadych	nieśniady	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadymi	nieśniady	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadym	nieśniady	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniadym	nieśniady	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniadym	nieśniady	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniady	nieśniady	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniady	nieśniady	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniadzi	nieśniady	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniardewnościach	nieśniardewność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewnościami	nieśniardewność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewnością	nieśniardewność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewności	nieśniardewność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewności	nieśniardewność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewności	nieśniardewność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewności	nieśniardewność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewności	nieśniardewność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewnościom	nieśniardewność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewność	nieśniardewność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewność	nieśniardewność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniardewna	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniardewną	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniardewną	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniardewnego	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniardewnego	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniardewnej	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniardewnej	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniardewnej	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniardewnemu	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniardewne	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniardewne	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniardewne	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniardewne	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniardewni	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniardewnych	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniardewnych	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniardewnych	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniardewnymi	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniardewnym	nieśniardewny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniardewnym	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniardewnym	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniardewny	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniardewny	nieśniardewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieciowatościach	nieśnieciowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatościami	nieśnieciowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatością	nieśnieciowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatości	nieśnieciowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatości	nieśnieciowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatości	nieśnieciowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatości	nieśnieciowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatości	nieśnieciowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatościom	nieśnieciowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatość	nieśnieciowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowatość	nieśnieciowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieciowaci	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieciowata	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieciowatą	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieciowatą	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieciowatego	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieciowatego	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieciowatej	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieciowatej	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieciowatej	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieciowatemu	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieciowate	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciowate	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciowate	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieciowate	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieciowatych	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieciowatych	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciowatych	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciowatymi	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciowatym	nieśnieciowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciowatym	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieciowatym	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieciowaty	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieciowaty	nieśnieciowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśniecistościach	nieśniecistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistościami	nieśniecistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistością	nieśniecistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistości	nieśniecistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistości	nieśniecistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistości	nieśniecistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistości	nieśniecistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistości	nieśniecistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistościom	nieśniecistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistość	nieśniecistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecistość	nieśniecistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniecista	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniecistą	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniecistą	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniecistego	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniecistego	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniecistej	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniecistej	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniecistej	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniecistemu	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieciste	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciste	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieciste	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieciste	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniecistych	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniecistych	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniecistych	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniecistymi	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniecistym	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniecistym	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniecistym	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniecisty	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniecisty	nieśniecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieciści	nieśniecisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniegowościach	nieśniegowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowościami	nieśniegowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowością	nieśniegowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowości	nieśniegowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowości	nieśniegowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowości	nieśniegowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowości	nieśniegowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowości	nieśniegowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowościom	nieśniegowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowość	nieśniegowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowość	nieśniegowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniegowa	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniegową	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniegową	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniegowego	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniegowego	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniegowej	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniegowej	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniegowej	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniegowemu	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniegowe	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniegowe	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniegowe	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśniegowe	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniegowi	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśniegowych	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniegowych	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniegowych	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniegowymi	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniegowym	nieśniegowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniegowym	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniegowym	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniegowy	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśniegowy	nieśniegowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżkowościach	nieśnieżkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowościami	nieśnieżkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowością	nieśnieżkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowości	nieśnieżkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowości	nieśnieżkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowości	nieśnieżkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowości	nieśnieżkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowości	nieśnieżkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowościom	nieśnieżkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowość	nieśnieżkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowość	nieśnieżkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżkowa	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieżkową	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieżkową	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieżkowego	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieżkowego	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowej	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieżkowej	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieżkowej	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieżkowemu	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowe	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowe	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowe	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieżkowe	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieżkowi	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżkowych	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżkowych	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowych	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowymi	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowym	nieśnieżkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowym	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowym	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżkowy	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieżkowy	nieśnieżkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżnie	nieśnieżnie	adv:pos		
nieśnieżno	nieśnieżno	adv:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałościach	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałościami	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałością	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałości	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałości	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałości	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałości	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałości	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałościom	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałość	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiałość	nieśnieżnobiałość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnobiali	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnobiała	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałą	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałą	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałego	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałego	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałej	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałej	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałej	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałemu	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałe	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałe	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałe	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałe	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałych	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałych	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałych	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałymi	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałym	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałym	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiałym	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnobiały	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieżnobiały	nieśnieżnobiały	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórościach	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórościami	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórością	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórości	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórości	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórości	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórości	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórości	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórościom	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórość	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopiórość	nieśnieżnopiórość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopióra	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórą	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórą	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórego	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórego	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórej	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórej	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórej	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopióremu	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopióre	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopióre	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopióre	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnopióre	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórych	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórych	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórych	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórymi	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórym	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórym	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórym	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopióry	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieżnopióry	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżnopiórzy	nieśnieżnopióry	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystościach	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystościami	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystością	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystości	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystości	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystości	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystości	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystości	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystościom	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystość	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszystość	nieśnieżnopuszystość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnopuszysta	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystą	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystą	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystego	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystego	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystej	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystej	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystej	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystemu	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszyste	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszyste	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszyste	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszyste	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystych	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystych	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystych	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystymi	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystym	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystym	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszystym	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszysty	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszysty	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżnopuszyści	nieśnieżnopuszysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłościach	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłościami	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłością	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłości	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłości	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłości	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłości	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłości	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłościom	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	nieśnieżnoskrzydłość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnoskrzydli	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydła	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłą	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłą	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłego	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłego	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłej	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłej	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłej	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłemu	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłe	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłe	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłe	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłe	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłych	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłych	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłych	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłymi	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłym	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłym	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydłym	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydły	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieżnoskrzydły	nieśnieżnoskrzydły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżnościach	nieśnieżność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnościami	nieśnieżność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnością	nieśnieżność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżności	nieśnieżność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżności	nieśnieżność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżności	nieśnieżność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżności	nieśnieżność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżności	nieśnieżność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżnościom	nieśnieżność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżność	nieśnieżność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżność	nieśnieżność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżna	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieżną	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieżną	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieżnego	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieżnego	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnej	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieżnej	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieżnej	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieżnemu	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżne	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżne	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżne	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieżne	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieżni	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnych	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżnych	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnych	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnymi	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnym	nieśnieżny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżnym	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżnym	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżny	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieżny	nieśnieżny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżysto	nieśnieżysto	adv:pos		
nieśnieżystościach	nieśnieżystość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystościami	nieśnieżystość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystością	nieśnieżystość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystości	nieśnieżystość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystości	nieśnieżystość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystości	nieśnieżystość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystości	nieśnieżystość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystości	nieśnieżystość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystościom	nieśnieżystość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystość	nieśnieżystość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżystość	nieśnieżystość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnieżysta	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśnieżystą	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśnieżystą	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnieżystego	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnieżystego	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżystej	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnieżystej	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnieżystej	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnieżystemu	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżyste	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżyste	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżyste	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnieżyste	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśnieżystych	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżystych	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżystych	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżystymi	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżystym	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnieżystym	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżystym	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnieżysty	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnieżysty	nieśnieżysty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnieżyści	nieśnieżysty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnieżyście	nieśnieżyście	adv:pos		
nieśniętościach	nieśniętość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętościami	nieśniętość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętością	nieśniętość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętości	nieśniętość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętości	nieśniętość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętości	nieśniętość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętości	nieśniętość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętości	nieśniętość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętościom	nieśniętość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętość	nieśniętość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśniętość	nieśniętość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnięci	nieśnięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśnięta	nieśnięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśniętą	nieśnięty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśniętą	nieśnięty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśniętego	nieśnięty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśniętego	nieśnięty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniętej	nieśnięty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśniętej	nieśnięty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśniętej	nieśnięty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśniętemu	nieśnięty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnięte	nieśnięty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnięte	nieśnięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnięte	nieśnięty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśnięte	nieśnięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśniętych	nieśnięty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśniętych	nieśnięty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniętych	nieśnięty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniętymi	nieśnięty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniętym	nieśnięty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśniętym	nieśnięty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśniętym	nieśnięty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnięty	nieśnięty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśnięty	nieśnięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśnościach	nieśność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnościami	nieśność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnością	nieśność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśności	nieśność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśności	nieśność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśności	nieśność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśności	nieśność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśności	nieśność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśnościom	nieśność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśność	nieśność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśność	nieśność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśna	nieśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśną	nieśny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśną	nieśny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśnego	nieśny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśnego	nieśny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnej	nieśny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśnej	nieśny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśnej	nieśny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśnemu	nieśny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśne	nieśny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśne	nieśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśne	nieśny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśne	nieśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśni	nieśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśno	nieśny	adja		
nieśnych	nieśny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśnych	nieśny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnych	nieśny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnymi	nieśny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnym	nieśny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśnym	nieśny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśnym	nieśny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśny	nieśny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśny	nieśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiąco	nieśpiąco	adv:pos		
nieśpiąca	nieśpiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiącą	nieśpiący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiącą	nieśpiący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiącego	nieśpiący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiącego	nieśpiący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiącej	nieśpiący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiącej	nieśpiący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiącej	nieśpiący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiącemu	nieśpiący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiące	nieśpiący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiące	nieśpiący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiące	nieśpiący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiące	nieśpiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiących	nieśpiący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiących	nieśpiący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiących	nieśpiący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiącymi	nieśpiący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiącym	nieśpiący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiącym	nieśpiący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiącym	nieśpiący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiący	nieśpiący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiący	nieśpiący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiący	nieśpiący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiączkowościach	nieśpiączkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowościami	nieśpiączkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowością	nieśpiączkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowości	nieśpiączkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowości	nieśpiączkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowości	nieśpiączkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowości	nieśpiączkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowości	nieśpiączkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowościom	nieśpiączkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowość	nieśpiączkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowość	nieśpiączkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiączkowa	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiączkową	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiączkową	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiączkowego	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiączkowego	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowej	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiączkowej	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiączkowej	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiączkowemu	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowe	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowe	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowe	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiączkowe	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiączkowi	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiączkowych	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiączkowych	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowych	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowymi	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowym	nieśpiączkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowym	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowym	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiączkowy	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiączkowy	nieśpiączkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpichlerzowościach	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowościami	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowością	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowości	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowości	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowości	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowości	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowości	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowościom	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowość	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowość	nieśpichlerzowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpichlerzowa	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpichlerzową	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpichlerzową	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpichlerzowego	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpichlerzowego	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowej	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpichlerzowej	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpichlerzowej	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpichlerzowemu	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowe	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowe	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowe	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowe	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowi	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpichlerzowych	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpichlerzowych	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowych	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowymi	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowym	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowym	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowym	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpichlerzowy	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpichlerzowy	nieśpichlerzowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiczasto	nieśpiczasto	adv:pos		
nieśpiczastościach	nieśpiczastość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastościami	nieśpiczastość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastością	nieśpiczastość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastości	nieśpiczastość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastości	nieśpiczastość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastości	nieśpiczastość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastości	nieśpiczastość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastości	nieśpiczastość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastościom	nieśpiczastość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastość	nieśpiczastość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczastość	nieśpiczastość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiczasta	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiczastą	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiczastą	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiczastego	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiczastego	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiczastej	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiczastej	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiczastej	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiczastemu	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiczaste	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiczaste	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiczaste	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiczaste	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiczastych	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiczastych	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiczastych	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiczastymi	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiczastym	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiczastym	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiczastym	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiczasty	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiczasty	nieśpiczasty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiczaści	nieśpiczasty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiesznie	nieśpiesznie	adv:pos		
nieśpieszno	nieśpieszno	adv:pos		
nieśpiesznościach	nieśpieszność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiesznościami	nieśpieszność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiesznością	nieśpieszność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszności	nieśpieszność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszności	nieśpieszność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszności	nieśpieszność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszności	nieśpieszność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszności	nieśpieszność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiesznościom	nieśpieszność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszność	nieśpieszność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszność	nieśpieszność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpieszna	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpieszną	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpieszną	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiesznego	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiesznego	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiesznej	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiesznej	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiesznej	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiesznemu	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpieszne	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpieszne	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpieszne	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpieszne	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpieszni	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiesznych	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiesznych	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiesznych	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiesznymi	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiesznym	nieśpieszny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiesznym	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiesznym	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpieszny	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpieszny	nieśpieszny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiewaccy	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewacka	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiewacką	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiewacką	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiewackich	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewackich	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewackich	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewackiego	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiewackiego	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewackiej	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiewackiej	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiewackiej	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiewackiemu	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewackie	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewackie	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewackie	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiewackie	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiewackimi	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewackim	nieśpiewacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewackim	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewackim	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewacki	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiewacki	nieśpiewacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiewacko	nieśpiewacko	adv:pos		
nieśpiewackościach	nieśpiewackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackościami	nieśpiewackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackością	nieśpiewackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackości	nieśpiewackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackości	nieśpiewackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackości	nieśpiewackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackości	nieśpiewackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackości	nieśpiewackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackościom	nieśpiewackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackość	nieśpiewackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewackość	nieśpiewackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczościach	nieśpiewaczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczościami	nieśpiewaczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczością	nieśpiewaczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczości	nieśpiewaczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczości	nieśpiewaczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczości	nieśpiewaczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczości	nieśpiewaczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczości	nieśpiewaczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczościom	nieśpiewaczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczość	nieśpiewaczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewaczość	nieśpiewaczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewacza	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiewaczą	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiewaczą	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiewaczego	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiewaczego	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewaczej	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiewaczej	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiewaczej	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiewaczemu	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewacze	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewacze	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewacze	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiewacze	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiewaczych	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewaczych	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewaczych	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewaczymi	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewaczym	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewaczym	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewaczym	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewaczy	nieśpiewaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewaczy	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiewaczy	nieśpiewaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiewająco	nieśpiewająco	adv:pos		
nieśpiewająca	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiewającą	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiewającą	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiewającego	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiewającego	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewającej	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiewającej	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiewającej	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiewającemu	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewające	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewające	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewające	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiewające	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiewających	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewających	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewających	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewającymi	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewającym	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewającym	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewającym	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewający	nieśpiewający	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewający	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiewający	nieśpiewający	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiewankowościach	nieśpiewankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowościami	nieśpiewankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowością	nieśpiewankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowości	nieśpiewankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowości	nieśpiewankowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowości	nieśpiewankowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowości	nieśpiewankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowości	nieśpiewankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowościom	nieśpiewankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowość	nieśpiewankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowość	nieśpiewankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewankowa	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiewankową	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiewankową	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiewankowego	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiewankowego	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowej	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiewankowej	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiewankowej	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiewankowemu	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowe	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowe	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowe	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiewankowe	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiewankowi	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewankowych	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewankowych	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowych	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowymi	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowym	nieśpiewankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowym	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowym	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewankowy	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiewankowy	nieśpiewankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiewnie	nieśpiewnie	adv:pos		
nieśpiewno	nieśpiewno	adv:pos		
nieśpiewnościach	nieśpiewność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewnościami	nieśpiewność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewnością	nieśpiewność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewności	nieśpiewność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewności	nieśpiewność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewności	nieśpiewność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewności	nieśpiewność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewności	nieśpiewność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewnościom	nieśpiewność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewność	nieśpiewność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewność	nieśpiewność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiewna	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiewną	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiewną	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiewnego	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiewnego	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewnej	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiewnej	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiewnej	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiewnemu	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewne	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewne	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewne	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiewne	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiewni	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewnych	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiewnych	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewnych	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewnymi	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewnym	nieśpiewny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiewnym	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewnym	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiewny	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiewny	nieśpiewny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiżarnianościach	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianościami	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianością	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianości	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianości	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianości	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianości	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianości	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianościom	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianość	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarnianość	nieśpiżarnianość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżarniana	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiżarnianą	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiżarnianą	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiżarnianego	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiżarnianego	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżarnianej	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiżarnianej	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiżarnianej	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiżarnianemu	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżarniane	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżarniane	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżarniane	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiżarniane	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiżarniani	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiżarnianych	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiżarnianych	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżarnianych	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżarnianymi	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżarnianym	nieśpiżarniany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżarnianym	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżarnianym	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżarniany	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiżarniany	nieśpiżarniany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśpiżowościach	nieśpiżowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowościami	nieśpiżowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowością	nieśpiżowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowości	nieśpiżowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowości	nieśpiżowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowości	nieśpiżowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowości	nieśpiżowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowości	nieśpiżowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowościom	nieśpiżowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowość	nieśpiżowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowość	nieśpiżowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśpiżowa	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśpiżową	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśpiżową	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśpiżowego	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśpiżowego	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżowej	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśpiżowej	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśpiżowej	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśpiżowemu	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżowe	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżowe	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżowe	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśpiżowe	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśpiżowi	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśpiżowych	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśpiżowych	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżowych	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżowymi	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżowym	nieśpiżowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśpiżowym	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżowym	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśpiżowy	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśpiżowy	nieśpiżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrebrnościach	nieśrebrność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrnościami	nieśrebrność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrnością	nieśrebrność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrności	nieśrebrność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrności	nieśrebrność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrności	nieśrebrność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrności	nieśrebrność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrności	nieśrebrność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrnościom	nieśrebrność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrność	nieśrebrność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrność	nieśrebrność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrebrna	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrebrną	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrebrną	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrebrnego	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrebrnego	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrebrnej	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrebrnej	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrebrnej	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrebrnemu	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrebrne	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrebrne	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrebrne	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrebrne	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrebrni	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrebrnych	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrebrnych	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrebrnych	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrebrnymi	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrebrnym	nieśrebrny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrebrnym	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrebrnym	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrebrny	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrebrny	nieśrebrny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednia	nieśredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednią	nieśredni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednią	nieśredni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednich	nieśredni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednich	nieśredni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednich	nieśredni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniego	nieśredni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniego	nieśredni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniej	nieśredni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniej	nieśredni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniej	nieśredni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniemu	nieśredni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednie	nieśredni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednie	nieśredni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednie	nieśredni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednie	nieśredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednimi	nieśredni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednim	nieśredni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednim	nieśredni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednim	nieśredni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredni	nieśredni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredni	nieśredni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredni	nieśredni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniaccy	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniacka	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniacką	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniacką	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniackich	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniackich	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniackich	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniackiego	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniackiego	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniackiej	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniackiej	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniackiej	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniackiemu	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniackie	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniackie	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniackie	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniackie	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniackimi	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniackim	nieśredniacki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniackim	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniackim	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniacki	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniacki	nieśredniacki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniacko	nieśredniacko	adv:pos		
nieśredniackościach	nieśredniackość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackościami	nieśredniackość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackością	nieśredniackość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackości	nieśredniackość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackości	nieśredniackość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackości	nieśredniackość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackości	nieśredniackość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackości	nieśredniackość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackościom	nieśredniackość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackość	nieśredniackość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniackość	nieśredniackość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawościach	nieśredniawość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawościami	nieśredniawość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawością	nieśredniawość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawości	nieśredniawość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawości	nieśredniawość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawości	nieśredniawość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawości	nieśredniawość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawości	nieśredniawość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawościom	nieśredniawość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawość	nieśredniawość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawość	nieśredniawość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniawa	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniawą	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniawą	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniawego	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniawego	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniawej	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniawej	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniawej	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniawemu	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniawe	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniawe	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniawe	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniawe	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniawi	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniawych	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniawych	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniawych	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniawymi	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniawym	nieśredniawy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniawym	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniawym	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniawy	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniawy	nieśredniawy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednicowościach	nieśrednicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowościami	nieśrednicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowością	nieśrednicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowości	nieśrednicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowości	nieśrednicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowości	nieśrednicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowości	nieśrednicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowości	nieśrednicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowościom	nieśrednicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowość	nieśrednicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowość	nieśrednicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednicowa	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednicową	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednicową	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednicowego	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednicowego	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednicowej	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednicowej	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednicowej	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednicowemu	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednicowe	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednicowe	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednicowe	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednicowe	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednicowi	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrednicowych	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednicowych	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednicowych	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednicowymi	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednicowym	nieśrednicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednicowym	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednicowym	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednicowy	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednicowy	nieśrednicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednio	nieśrednio	adv:pos		
nieśredniodrobnościach	nieśredniodrobność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobnościami	nieśredniodrobność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobnością	nieśredniodrobność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobności	nieśredniodrobność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobności	nieśredniodrobność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobności	nieśredniodrobność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobności	nieśredniodrobność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobności	nieśredniodrobność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobnościom	nieśredniodrobność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobność	nieśredniodrobność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobność	nieśredniodrobność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodrobna	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniodrobną	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniodrobną	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniodrobnego	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniodrobnego	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobnej	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniodrobnej	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniodrobnej	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniodrobnemu	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobne	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobne	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobne	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniodrobne	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniodrobni	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniodrobnych	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniodrobnych	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobnych	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobnymi	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobnym	nieśredniodrobny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobnym	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobnym	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodrobny	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniodrobny	nieśredniodrobny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniodystansowościach	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowościami	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowością	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowości	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowości	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowości	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowości	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowości	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowościom	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowość	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowość	nieśredniodystansowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniodystansowa	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniodystansową	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniodystansową	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniodystansowego	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniodystansowego	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowej	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniodystansowej	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniodystansowej	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniodystansowemu	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowe	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowe	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowe	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowe	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowi	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniodystansowych	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniodystansowych	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowych	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowymi	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowym	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowym	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowym	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniodystansowy	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniodystansowy	nieśredniodystansowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniofalowościach	nieśredniofalowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowościami	nieśredniofalowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowością	nieśredniofalowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowości	nieśredniofalowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowości	nieśredniofalowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowości	nieśredniofalowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowości	nieśredniofalowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowości	nieśredniofalowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowościom	nieśredniofalowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowość	nieśredniofalowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowość	nieśredniofalowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniofalowa	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniofalową	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniofalową	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniofalowego	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniofalowego	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowej	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniofalowej	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniofalowej	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniofalowemu	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowe	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowe	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowe	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniofalowe	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniofalowi	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniofalowych	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniofalowych	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowych	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowymi	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowym	nieśredniofalowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowym	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowym	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniofalowy	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniofalowy	nieśredniofalowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowościach	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowościami	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowością	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowości	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowości	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowości	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowości	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowości	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowościom	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowość	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowość	nieśredniojęzykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniojęzykowa	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniojęzykową	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniojęzykową	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowego	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowego	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowej	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowej	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowej	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowemu	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowe	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowe	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowe	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowe	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowi	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowych	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowych	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowych	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowymi	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowym	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowym	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowym	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowy	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniojęzykowy	nieśredniojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioletnia	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioletnią	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioletnią	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednioletnich	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioletnich	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioletnich	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioletniego	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednioletniego	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioletniej	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednioletniej	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednioletniej	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednioletniemu	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioletnie	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioletnie	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioletnie	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioletnie	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioletnimi	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioletnim	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioletnim	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioletnim	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioletni	nieśrednioletni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioletni	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioletni	nieśrednioletni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioletniościach	nieśrednioletniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniościami	nieśrednioletniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniością	nieśrednioletniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniości	nieśrednioletniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniości	nieśrednioletniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniości	nieśrednioletniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniości	nieśrednioletniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniości	nieśrednioletniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniościom	nieśrednioletniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniość	nieśrednioletniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioletniość	nieśrednioletniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowościach	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowościami	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowością	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowości	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowości	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowości	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowości	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowości	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowościom	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowość	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowość	nieśredniolitrażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniolitrażowa	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniolitrażową	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniolitrażową	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowego	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowego	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowej	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowej	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowej	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowemu	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowe	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowe	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowe	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowe	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowi	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowych	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowych	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowych	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowymi	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowym	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowym	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowym	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowy	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniolitrażowy	nieśredniolitrażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniometrażowościach	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowościami	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowością	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowości	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowości	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowości	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowości	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowości	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowościom	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowość	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowość	nieśredniometrażowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniometrażowa	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniometrażową	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniometrażową	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniometrażowego	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniometrażowego	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowej	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniometrażowej	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniometrażowej	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniometrażowemu	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowe	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowe	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowe	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowe	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowi	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniometrażowych	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniometrażowych	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowych	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowymi	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowym	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowym	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowym	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniometrażowy	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniometrażowy	nieśredniometrażowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioniemieccy	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioniemiecka	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioniemiecką	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioniemiecką	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckich	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckich	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckich	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckiego	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckiego	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckiej	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckiej	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckiej	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckiemu	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckie	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckie	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckie	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckie	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckimi	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckim	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckim	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckim	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioniemiecki	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioniemiecki	nieśrednioniemiecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioniemiecko	nieśrednioniemiecko	adv:pos		
nieśrednioniemieckościach	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckościami	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckością	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckości	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckości	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckości	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckości	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckości	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckościom	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckość	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioniemieckość	nieśrednioniemieckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolscy	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniopolska	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniopolską	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniopolską	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniopolskich	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniopolskich	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskich	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskiego	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniopolskiego	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskiej	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniopolskiej	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniopolskiej	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniopolskiemu	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskie	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskie	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskie	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniopolskie	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniopolskimi	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskim	nieśredniopolski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskim	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniopolskim	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniopolski	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniopolski	nieśredniopolski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniopolsko	nieśredniopolsko	adv:pos		
nieśredniopolskościach	nieśredniopolskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskościami	nieśredniopolskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskością	nieśredniopolskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskości	nieśredniopolskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskości	nieśredniopolskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskości	nieśredniopolskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskości	nieśredniopolskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskości	nieśredniopolskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskościom	nieśredniopolskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskość	nieśredniopolskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniopolskość	nieśredniopolskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężnościach	nieśrednioprężność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężnościami	nieśrednioprężność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężnością	nieśrednioprężność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężności	nieśrednioprężność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężności	nieśrednioprężność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężności	nieśrednioprężność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężności	nieśrednioprężność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężności	nieśrednioprężność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężnościom	nieśrednioprężność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężność	nieśrednioprężność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężność	nieśrednioprężność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprężna	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioprężną	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioprężną	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednioprężnego	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednioprężnego	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężnej	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednioprężnej	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednioprężnej	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednioprężnemu	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężne	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężne	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężne	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioprężne	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioprężni	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioprężnych	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioprężnych	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężnych	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężnymi	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężnym	nieśrednioprężny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężnym	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężnym	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprężny	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioprężny	nieśrednioprężny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnościach	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędnościami	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędnością	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędności	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędności	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędności	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędności	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędności	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędnościom	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędność	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędność	nieśrednioprzędność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioprzędna	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioprzędną	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioprzędną	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnego	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnego	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnej	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnej	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnej	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnemu	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędne	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędne	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędne	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędne	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędni	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnych	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnych	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnych	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnymi	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnym	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnym	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędnym	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioprzędny	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioprzędny	nieśrednioprzędny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniorocznościach	nieśrednioroczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorocznościami	nieśrednioroczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorocznością	nieśrednioroczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczności	nieśrednioroczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczności	nieśrednioroczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczności	nieśrednioroczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczności	nieśrednioroczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczności	nieśrednioroczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorocznościom	nieśrednioroczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczność	nieśrednioroczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczność	nieśrednioroczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioroczna	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioroczną	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioroczną	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniorocznego	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniorocznego	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniorocznej	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniorocznej	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniorocznej	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniorocznemu	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioroczne	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioroczne	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioroczne	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioroczne	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioroczni	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniorocznych	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniorocznych	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorocznych	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorocznymi	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorocznym	nieśrednioroczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorocznym	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniorocznym	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioroczny	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioroczny	nieśrednioroczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniorolnościach	nieśredniorolność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolnościami	nieśredniorolność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolnością	nieśredniorolność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolności	nieśredniorolność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolności	nieśredniorolność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolności	nieśredniorolność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolności	nieśredniorolność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolności	nieśredniorolność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolnościom	nieśredniorolność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolność	nieśredniorolność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolność	nieśredniorolność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniorolna	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniorolną	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniorolną	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniorolnego	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniorolnego	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniorolnej	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniorolnej	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniorolnej	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniorolnemu	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniorolne	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorolne	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorolne	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniorolne	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniorolni	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniorolnych	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniorolnych	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorolnych	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorolnymi	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorolnym	nieśredniorolny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniorolnym	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniorolnym	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniorolny	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniorolny	nieśredniorolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniostopowościach	nieśredniostopowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowościami	nieśredniostopowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowością	nieśredniostopowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowości	nieśredniostopowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowości	nieśredniostopowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowości	nieśredniostopowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowości	nieśredniostopowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowości	nieśredniostopowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowościom	nieśredniostopowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowość	nieśredniostopowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowość	nieśredniostopowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniostopowa	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniostopową	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniostopową	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniostopowego	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniostopowego	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowej	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniostopowej	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniostopowej	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniostopowemu	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowe	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowe	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowe	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniostopowe	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniostopowi	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniostopowych	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniostopowych	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowych	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowymi	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowym	nieśredniostopowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowym	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowym	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniostopowy	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniostopowy	nieśredniostopowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheccy	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioszlachecka	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioszlachecką	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioszlachecką	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckich	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckich	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckich	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckiego	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckiego	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckiej	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckiej	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckiej	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckiemu	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckie	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckie	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckie	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckie	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckimi	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckim	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckim	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckim	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioszlachecki	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioszlachecki	nieśrednioszlachecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioszlachecko	nieśrednioszlachecko	adv:pos		
nieśrednioszlacheckościach	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckościami	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckością	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckości	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckości	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckości	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckości	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckości	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckościom	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckość	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioszlacheckość	nieśrednioszlacheckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniościach	nieśredniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniościami	nieśredniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniością	nieśredniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniości	nieśredniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniości	nieśredniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniości	nieśredniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniości	nieśredniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniości	nieśredniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniościom	nieśredniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniość	nieśredniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniość	nieśredniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowo	nieśrednioterminowo	adv:pos		
nieśrednioterminowościach	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowościami	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowością	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowości	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowości	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowości	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowości	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowości	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowościom	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowość	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowość	nieśrednioterminowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioterminowa	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioterminową	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioterminową	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednioterminowego	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednioterminowego	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowej	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednioterminowej	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednioterminowej	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednioterminowemu	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowe	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowe	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowe	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowe	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowi	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioterminowych	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioterminowych	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowych	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowymi	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowym	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowym	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowym	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioterminowy	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioterminowy	nieśrednioterminowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniotopliwościach	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwościami	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwością	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwości	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwości	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwości	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwości	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwości	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwościom	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwość	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwość	nieśredniotopliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniotopliwa	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniotopliwą	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniotopliwą	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniotopliwego	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniotopliwego	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwej	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniotopliwej	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniotopliwej	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniotopliwemu	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwe	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwe	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwe	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwe	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwi	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniotopliwych	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniotopliwych	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwych	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwymi	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwym	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwym	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwym	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniotopliwy	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniotopliwy	nieśredniotopliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowościach	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowościami	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowością	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowości	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowości	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowości	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowości	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowości	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowościom	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowość	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowość	nieśredniowarstwowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowarstwowa	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniowarstwową	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniowarstwową	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowego	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowego	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowej	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowej	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowej	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowemu	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowe	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowe	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowe	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowe	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowi	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowych	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowych	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowych	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowymi	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowym	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowym	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowym	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowy	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniowarstwowy	nieśredniowarstwowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniowiecznie	nieśredniowiecznie	adv:pos		
nieśredniowiecznościach	nieśredniowieczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiecznościami	nieśredniowieczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiecznością	nieśredniowieczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczności	nieśredniowieczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczności	nieśredniowieczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczności	nieśredniowieczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczności	nieśredniowieczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczności	nieśredniowieczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiecznościom	nieśredniowieczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczność	nieśredniowieczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczność	nieśredniowieczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowieczna	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniowieczną	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniowieczną	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniowiecznego	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniowiecznego	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowiecznej	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniowiecznej	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniowiecznej	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniowiecznemu	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowieczne	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowieczne	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowieczne	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniowieczne	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniowieczni	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniowiecznych	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniowiecznych	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiecznych	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiecznymi	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiecznym	nieśredniowieczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiecznym	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowiecznym	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowieczny	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniowieczny	nieśredniowieczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniowiekowościach	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowościami	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowością	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowości	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowości	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowości	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowości	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowości	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowościom	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowość	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowość	nieśredniowiekowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniowiekowa	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniowiekową	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniowiekową	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniowiekowego	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniowiekowego	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowej	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniowiekowej	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniowiekowej	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniowiekowemu	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowe	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowe	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowe	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowe	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowi	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniowiekowych	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniowiekowych	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowych	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowymi	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowym	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowym	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowym	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniowiekowy	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniowiekowy	nieśredniowiekowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanościach	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowanościami	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowanością	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowaności	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowaności	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowaności	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowaności	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowaności	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowanościom	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowaność	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowaność	nieśredniozaawansowaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozaawansowana	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowaną	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowaną	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanego	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanego	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanej	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanej	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanej	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanemu	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowane	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowane	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowane	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowane	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowani	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanych	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanych	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanych	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanymi	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanym	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanym	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowanym	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowany	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniozaawansowany	nieśredniozaawansowany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredniozamożnościach	nieśredniozamożność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożnościami	nieśredniozamożność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożnością	nieśredniozamożność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożności	nieśredniozamożność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożności	nieśredniozamożność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożności	nieśredniozamożność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożności	nieśredniozamożność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożności	nieśredniozamożność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożnościom	nieśredniozamożność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożność	nieśredniozamożność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożność	nieśredniozamożność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniozamożna	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniozamożną	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniozamożną	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniozamożnego	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniozamożnego	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożnej	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniozamożnej	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniozamożnej	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniozamożnemu	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożne	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożne	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożne	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniozamożne	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniozamożni	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniozamożnych	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniozamożnych	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożnych	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożnymi	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożnym	nieśredniozamożny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożnym	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożnym	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniozamożny	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniozamożny	nieśredniozamożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistościach	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistościami	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistością	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistości	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistości	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistości	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistości	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistości	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistościom	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistość	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnistość	nieśrednioziarnistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrednioziarnista	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistą	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistą	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistego	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistego	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistej	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistej	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistej	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistemu	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarniste	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarniste	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarniste	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrednioziarniste	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistych	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistych	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistych	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistymi	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistym	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistym	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnistym	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrednioziarnisty	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrednioziarnisty	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrednioziarniści	nieśrednioziarnisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniówkowościach	nieśredniówkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowościami	nieśredniówkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowością	nieśredniówkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowości	nieśredniówkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowości	nieśredniówkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowości	nieśredniówkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowości	nieśredniówkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowości	nieśredniówkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowościom	nieśredniówkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowość	nieśredniówkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowość	nieśredniówkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredniówkowa	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredniówkową	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredniówkową	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredniówkowego	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredniówkowego	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowej	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredniówkowej	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredniówkowej	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredniówkowemu	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowe	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowe	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowe	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredniówkowe	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredniówkowi	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredniówkowych	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredniówkowych	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowych	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowymi	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowym	nieśredniówkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowym	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowym	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredniówkowy	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredniówkowy	nieśredniówkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredzcy	nieśredzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśredzka	nieśredzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśredzką	nieśredzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśredzką	nieśredzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśredzkich	nieśredzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśredzkich	nieśredzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredzkich	nieśredzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredzkiego	nieśredzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśredzkiego	nieśredzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredzkiej	nieśredzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśredzkiej	nieśredzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśredzkiej	nieśredzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśredzkiemu	nieśredzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredzkie	nieśredzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredzkie	nieśredzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredzkie	nieśredzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśredzkie	nieśredzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśredzkimi	nieśredzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredzkim	nieśredzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśredzkim	nieśredzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredzkim	nieśredzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśredzki	nieśredzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśredzki	nieśredzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśredzko	nieśredzko	adv:pos		
nieśredzkościach	nieśredzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkościami	nieśredzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkością	nieśredzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkości	nieśredzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkości	nieśredzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkości	nieśredzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkości	nieśredzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkości	nieśredzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkościom	nieśredzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkość	nieśredzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśredzkość	nieśredzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremscy	nieśremski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśremska	nieśremski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśremską	nieśremski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśremską	nieśremski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśremskich	nieśremski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśremskich	nieśremski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśremskich	nieśremski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśremskiego	nieśremski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśremskiego	nieśremski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśremskiej	nieśremski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśremskiej	nieśremski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśremskiej	nieśremski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśremskiemu	nieśremski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśremskie	nieśremski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśremskie	nieśremski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśremskie	nieśremski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśremskie	nieśremski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśremskimi	nieśremski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśremskim	nieśremski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśremskim	nieśremski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśremskim	nieśremski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśremski	nieśremski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśremski	nieśremski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśremsko	nieśremsko	adv:pos		
nieśremskościach	nieśremskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskościami	nieśremskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskością	nieśremskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskości	nieśremskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskości	nieśremskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskości	nieśremskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskości	nieśremskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskości	nieśremskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskościom	nieśremskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskość	nieśremskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśremskość	nieśremskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowo	nieśrodkowo	adv:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejscy	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejska	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejską	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejską	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskich	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskich	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskich	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskiego	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskiego	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskiej	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskiej	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskiej	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskiemu	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskie	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskie	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskie	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskie	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskimi	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskim	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskim	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskim	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejski	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejski	nieśrodkowoeuropejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejsko	nieśrodkowoeuropejsko	adv:pos		
nieśrodkowoeuropejskościach	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskościami	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskością	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskości	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskości	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskości	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskości	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskości	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskościom	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	nieśrodkowoeuropejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowościach	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowościami	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowością	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowości	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowości	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowości	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowości	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowości	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowościom	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowość	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowość	nieśrodkowojęzykowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowojęzykowa	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykową	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykową	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowego	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowego	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowej	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowej	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowej	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowemu	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowe	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowe	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowe	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowe	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowi	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowych	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowych	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowych	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowymi	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowym	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowym	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowym	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowy	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrodkowojęzykowy	nieśrodkowojęzykowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrodkowościach	nieśrodkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowościami	nieśrodkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowością	nieśrodkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowości	nieśrodkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowości	nieśrodkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowości	nieśrodkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowości	nieśrodkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowości	nieśrodkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowościom	nieśrodkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowość	nieśrodkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowość	nieśrodkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodkowa	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrodkową	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrodkową	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrodkowego	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrodkowego	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowej	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrodkowej	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrodkowej	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrodkowemu	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowe	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowe	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowe	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrodkowe	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrodkowi	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrodkowych	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrodkowych	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowych	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowymi	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowym	nieśrodkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodkowym	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowym	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodkowy	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrodkowy	nieśrodkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrodopostnościach	nieśrodopostność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostnościami	nieśrodopostność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostnością	nieśrodopostność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostności	nieśrodopostność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostności	nieśrodopostność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostności	nieśrodopostność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostności	nieśrodopostność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostności	nieśrodopostność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostnościom	nieśrodopostność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostność	nieśrodopostność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostność	nieśrodopostność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodopostna	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrodopostną	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrodopostną	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrodopostnego	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrodopostnego	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodopostnej	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrodopostnej	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrodopostnej	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrodopostnemu	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodopostne	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodopostne	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodopostne	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrodopostne	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrodopostni	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrodopostnych	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrodopostnych	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodopostnych	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodopostnymi	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodopostnym	nieśrodopostny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodopostnym	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodopostnym	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodopostny	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrodopostny	nieśrodopostny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczościach	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczościami	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczością	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczości	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczości	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczości	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczości	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczości	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczościom	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczość	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórczość	nieśrodowiskotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskotwórcza	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczą	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczą	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczego	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczego	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczej	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczej	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczej	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczemu	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórcze	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórcze	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórcze	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórcze	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczych	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczych	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczych	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczymi	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczym	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczym	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczym	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczy	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczy	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrodowiskotwórczy	nieśrodowiskotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrodowiskowo	nieśrodowiskowo	adv:pos		
nieśrodowiskowościach	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowościami	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowością	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowości	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowości	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowości	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowości	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowości	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowościom	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowość	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowość	nieśrodowiskowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowiskowa	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskową	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskową	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskowego	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrodowiskowego	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowej	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskowej	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskowej	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrodowiskowemu	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowe	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowe	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowe	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowe	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowi	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrodowiskowych	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrodowiskowych	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowych	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowymi	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowym	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowym	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowym	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowiskowy	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrodowiskowy	nieśrodowiskowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrodowościach	nieśrodowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowościami	nieśrodowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowością	nieśrodowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowości	nieśrodowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowości	nieśrodowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowości	nieśrodowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowości	nieśrodowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowości	nieśrodowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowościom	nieśrodowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowość	nieśrodowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowość	nieśrodowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrodowa	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrodową	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrodową	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrodowego	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrodowego	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowej	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrodowej	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrodowej	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrodowemu	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowe	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowe	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowe	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrodowe	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrodowi	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrodowych	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrodowych	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowych	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowymi	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowym	nieśrodowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrodowym	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowym	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrodowy	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrodowy	nieśrodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródbagiennościach	nieśródbagienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagiennościami	nieśródbagienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagiennością	nieśródbagienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienności	nieśródbagienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienności	nieśródbagienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienności	nieśródbagienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienności	nieśródbagienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienności	nieśródbagienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagiennościom	nieśródbagienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienność	nieśródbagienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienność	nieśródbagienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbagienna	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródbagienną	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródbagienną	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródbagiennego	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródbagiennego	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbagiennej	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródbagiennej	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródbagiennej	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródbagiennemu	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbagienne	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbagienne	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbagienne	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródbagienne	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródbagienni	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródbagiennych	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródbagiennych	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbagiennych	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbagiennymi	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbagiennym	nieśródbagienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbagiennym	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbagiennym	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbagienny	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródbagienny	nieśródbagienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródbłonkowościach	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowościami	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowością	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowości	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowości	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowości	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowości	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowości	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowościom	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowość	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowość	nieśródbłonkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródbłonkowa	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródbłonkową	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródbłonkową	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródbłonkowego	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródbłonkowego	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowej	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródbłonkowej	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródbłonkowej	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródbłonkowemu	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowe	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowe	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowe	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowe	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowi	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródbłonkowych	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródbłonkowych	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowych	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowymi	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowym	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowym	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowym	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródbłonkowy	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródbłonkowy	nieśródbłonkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródborowscy	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródborowska	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródborowską	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródborowską	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródborowskich	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródborowskich	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródborowskich	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródborowskiego	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródborowskiego	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródborowskiej	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródborowskiej	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródborowskiej	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródborowskiemu	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródborowskie	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródborowskie	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródborowskie	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródborowskie	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródborowskimi	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródborowskim	nieśródborowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródborowskim	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródborowskim	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródborowski	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródborowski	nieśródborowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródborowsko	nieśródborowsko	adv:pos		
nieśródborowskościach	nieśródborowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskościami	nieśródborowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskością	nieśródborowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskości	nieśródborowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskości	nieśródborowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskości	nieśródborowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskości	nieśródborowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskości	nieśródborowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskościom	nieśródborowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskość	nieśródborowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródborowskość	nieśródborowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowościach	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowościami	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowością	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowości	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowości	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowości	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowości	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowości	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowościom	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowość	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowość	nieśródczaszkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródczaszkowa	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródczaszkową	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródczaszkową	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródczaszkowego	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródczaszkowego	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowej	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródczaszkowej	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródczaszkowej	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródczaszkowemu	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowe	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowe	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowe	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowe	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowi	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródczaszkowych	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródczaszkowych	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowych	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowymi	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowym	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowym	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowym	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródczaszkowy	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródczaszkowy	nieśródczaszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródgałkowościach	nieśródgałkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowościami	nieśródgałkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowością	nieśródgałkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowości	nieśródgałkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowości	nieśródgałkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowości	nieśródgałkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowości	nieśródgałkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowości	nieśródgałkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowościom	nieśródgałkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowość	nieśródgałkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgałkowość	nieśródgałkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowościach	nieśródgłosowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowościami	nieśródgłosowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowością	nieśródgłosowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowości	nieśródgłosowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowości	nieśródgłosowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowości	nieśródgłosowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowości	nieśródgłosowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowości	nieśródgłosowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowościom	nieśródgłosowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowość	nieśródgłosowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowość	nieśródgłosowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgłosowa	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródgłosową	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródgłosową	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródgłosowego	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródgłosowego	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowej	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródgłosowej	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródgłosowej	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródgłosowemu	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowe	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowe	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowe	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródgłosowe	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródgłosowi	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródgłosowych	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródgłosowych	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowych	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowymi	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowym	nieśródgłosowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowym	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowym	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgłosowy	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródgłosowy	nieśródgłosowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródgórscy	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródgórska	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródgórską	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródgórską	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródgórskich	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródgórskich	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgórskich	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgórskiego	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródgórskiego	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgórskiej	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródgórskiej	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródgórskiej	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródgórskiemu	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgórskie	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgórskie	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgórskie	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródgórskie	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródgórskimi	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgórskim	nieśródgórski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgórskim	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgórskim	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgórski	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródgórski	nieśródgórski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródgórsko	nieśródgórsko	adv:pos		
nieśródgórskościach	nieśródgórskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskościami	nieśródgórskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskością	nieśródgórskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskości	nieśródgórskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskości	nieśródgórskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskości	nieśródgórskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskości	nieśródgórskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskości	nieśródgórskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskościom	nieśródgórskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskość	nieśródgórskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgórskość	nieśródgórskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdnościach	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdnościami	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdnością	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdności	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdności	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdności	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdności	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdności	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdnościom	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdność	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdność	nieśródgwiezdność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródgwiezdna	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródgwiezdną	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródgwiezdną	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnego	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnego	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnej	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnej	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnej	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnemu	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdne	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdne	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdne	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdne	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdni	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnych	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnych	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnych	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnymi	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnym	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnym	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdnym	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródgwiezdny	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródgwiezdny	nieśródgwiezdny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródlądowościach	nieśródlądowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowościami	nieśródlądowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowością	nieśródlądowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowości	nieśródlądowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowości	nieśródlądowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowości	nieśródlądowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowości	nieśródlądowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowości	nieśródlądowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowościom	nieśródlądowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowość	nieśródlądowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowość	nieśródlądowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlądowa	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródlądową	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródlądową	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródlądowego	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródlądowego	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlądowej	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródlądowej	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródlądowej	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródlądowemu	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlądowe	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlądowe	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlądowe	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródlądowe	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródlądowi	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródlądowych	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródlądowych	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlądowych	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlądowymi	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlądowym	nieśródlądowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlądowym	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlądowym	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlądowy	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródlądowy	nieśródlądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnościach	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjnościami	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjnością	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjności	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjności	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjności	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjności	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjności	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjnościom	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjność	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjność	nieśródlekcyjność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródlekcyjna	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródlekcyjną	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródlekcyjną	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnego	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnego	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnej	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnej	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnej	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnemu	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjne	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjne	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjne	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjne	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjni	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnych	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnych	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnych	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnymi	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnym	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnym	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjnym	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródlekcyjny	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródlekcyjny	nieśródlekcyjny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródleśnościach	nieśródleśność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśnościami	nieśródleśność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśnością	nieśródleśność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśności	nieśródleśność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśności	nieśródleśność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśności	nieśródleśność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśności	nieśródleśność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśności	nieśródleśność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśnościom	nieśródleśność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśność	nieśródleśność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśność	nieśródleśność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródleśna	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródleśną	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródleśną	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródleśnego	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródleśnego	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródleśnej	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródleśnej	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródleśnej	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródleśnemu	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródleśne	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródleśne	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródleśne	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródleśne	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródleśni	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródleśnych	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródleśnych	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródleśnych	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródleśnymi	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródleśnym	nieśródleśny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródleśnym	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródleśnym	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródleśny	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródleśny	nieśródleśny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródłożnościach	nieśródłożność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożnościami	nieśródłożność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożnością	nieśródłożność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożności	nieśródłożność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożności	nieśródłożność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożności	nieśródłożność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożności	nieśródłożność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożności	nieśródłożność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożnościom	nieśródłożność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożność	nieśródłożność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożność	nieśródłożność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródłożna	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródłożną	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródłożną	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródłożnego	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródłożnego	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródłożnej	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródłożnej	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródłożnej	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródłożnemu	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródłożne	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródłożne	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródłożne	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródłożne	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródłożni	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródłożnych	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródłożnych	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródłożnych	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródłożnymi	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródłożnym	nieśródłożny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródłożnym	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródłożnym	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródłożny	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródłożny	nieśródłożny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródmiąższowościach	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowościami	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowością	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowości	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowości	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowości	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowości	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowości	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowościom	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowość	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowość	nieśródmiąższowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiąższowa	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródmiąższową	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródmiąższową	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródmiąższowego	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródmiąższowego	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowej	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródmiąższowej	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródmiąższowej	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródmiąższowemu	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowe	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowe	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowe	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowe	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowi	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródmiąższowych	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródmiąższowych	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowych	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowymi	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowym	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowym	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowym	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiąższowy	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródmiąższowy	nieśródmiąższowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródmiejscy	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródmiejska	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródmiejską	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródmiejską	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródmiejskich	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródmiejskich	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskich	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskiego	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródmiejskiego	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskiej	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródmiejskiej	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródmiejskiej	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródmiejskiemu	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskie	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskie	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskie	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródmiejskie	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródmiejskimi	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskim	nieśródmiejski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskim	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiejskim	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmiejski	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródmiejski	nieśródmiejski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródmiejsko	nieśródmiejsko	adv:pos		
nieśródmiejskościach	nieśródmiejskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskościami	nieśródmiejskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskością	nieśródmiejskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskości	nieśródmiejskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskości	nieśródmiejskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskości	nieśródmiejskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskości	nieśródmiejskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskości	nieśródmiejskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskościom	nieśródmiejskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskość	nieśródmiejskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmiejskość	nieśródmiejskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowo	nieśródmięśniowo	adv:pos		
nieśródmięśniowościach	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowościami	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowością	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowości	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowości	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowości	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowości	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowości	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowościom	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowość	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowość	nieśródmięśniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmięśniowa	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródmięśniową	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródmięśniową	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródmięśniowego	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródmięśniowego	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowej	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródmięśniowej	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródmięśniowej	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródmięśniowemu	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowe	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowe	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowe	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowe	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowi	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródmięśniowych	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródmięśniowych	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowych	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowymi	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowym	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowym	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowym	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmięśniowy	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródmięśniowy	nieśródmięśniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródmorscy	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródmorska	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródmorską	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródmorską	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródmorskich	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródmorskich	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmorskich	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmorskiego	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródmorskiego	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmorskiej	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródmorskiej	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródmorskiej	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródmorskiemu	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmorskie	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmorskie	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmorskie	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródmorskie	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródmorskimi	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmorskim	nieśródmorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródmorskim	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmorskim	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródmorski	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródmorski	nieśródmorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródmorsko	nieśródmorsko	adv:pos		
nieśródmorskościach	nieśródmorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskościami	nieśródmorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskością	nieśródmorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskości	nieśródmorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskości	nieśródmorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskości	nieśródmorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskości	nieśródmorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskości	nieśródmorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskościom	nieśródmorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskość	nieśródmorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródmorskość	nieśródmorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowościach	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowościami	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowością	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowości	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowości	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowości	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowości	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowości	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowościom	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowość	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowość	nieśródnaczyniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnaczyniowa	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródnaczyniową	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródnaczyniową	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowego	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowego	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowej	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowej	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowej	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowemu	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowe	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowe	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowe	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowe	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowi	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowych	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowych	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowych	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowymi	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowym	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowym	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowym	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowy	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródnaczyniowy	nieśródnaczyniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródnocnościach	nieśródnocność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocnościami	nieśródnocność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocnością	nieśródnocność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocności	nieśródnocność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocności	nieśródnocność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocności	nieśródnocność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocności	nieśródnocność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocności	nieśródnocność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocnościom	nieśródnocność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocność	nieśródnocność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocność	nieśródnocność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródnocna	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródnocną	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródnocną	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródnocnego	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródnocnego	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnocnej	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródnocnej	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródnocnej	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródnocnemu	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnocne	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnocne	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnocne	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródnocne	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródnocni	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródnocnych	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródnocnych	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnocnych	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnocnymi	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnocnym	nieśródnocny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródnocnym	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnocnym	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródnocny	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródnocny	nieśródnocny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródocznościach	nieśródoczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródocznościami	nieśródoczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródocznością	nieśródoczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczności	nieśródoczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczności	nieśródoczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczności	nieśródoczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczności	nieśródoczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczności	nieśródoczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródocznościom	nieśródoczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczność	nieśródoczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczność	nieśródoczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródoczna	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródoczną	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródoczną	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródocznego	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródocznego	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródocznej	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródocznej	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródocznej	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródocznemu	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródoczne	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródoczne	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródoczne	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródoczne	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródoczni	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródocznych	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródocznych	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródocznych	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródocznymi	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródocznym	nieśródoczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródocznym	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródocznym	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródoczny	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródoczny	nieśródoczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródplonowościach	nieśródplonowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowościami	nieśródplonowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowością	nieśródplonowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowości	nieśródplonowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowości	nieśródplonowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowości	nieśródplonowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowości	nieśródplonowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowości	nieśródplonowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowościom	nieśródplonowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowość	nieśródplonowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowość	nieśródplonowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródplonowa	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródplonową	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródplonową	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródplonowego	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródplonowego	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródplonowej	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródplonowej	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródplonowej	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródplonowemu	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródplonowe	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródplonowe	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródplonowe	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródplonowe	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródplonowi	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródplonowych	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródplonowych	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródplonowych	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródplonowymi	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródplonowym	nieśródplonowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródplonowym	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródplonowym	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródplonowy	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródplonowy	nieśródplonowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródpolnościach	nieśródpolność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolnościami	nieśródpolność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolnością	nieśródpolność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolności	nieśródpolność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolności	nieśródpolność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolności	nieśródpolność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolności	nieśródpolność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolności	nieśródpolność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolnościom	nieśródpolność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolność	nieśródpolność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolność	nieśródpolność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródpolna	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródpolną	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródpolną	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródpolnego	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródpolnego	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródpolnej	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródpolnej	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródpolnej	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródpolnemu	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródpolne	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródpolne	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródpolne	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródpolne	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródpolni	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródpolnych	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródpolnych	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródpolnych	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródpolnymi	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródpolnym	nieśródpolny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródpolnym	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródpolnym	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródpolny	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródpolny	nieśródpolny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródreglowościach	nieśródreglowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowościami	nieśródreglowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowością	nieśródreglowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowości	nieśródreglowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowości	nieśródreglowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowości	nieśródreglowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowości	nieśródreglowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowości	nieśródreglowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowościom	nieśródreglowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowość	nieśródreglowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowość	nieśródreglowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródreglowa	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródreglową	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródreglową	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródreglowego	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródreglowego	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródreglowej	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródreglowej	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródreglowej	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródreglowemu	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródreglowe	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródreglowe	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródreglowe	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródreglowe	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródreglowi	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródreglowych	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródreglowych	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródreglowych	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródreglowymi	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródreglowym	nieśródreglowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródreglowym	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródreglowym	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródreglowy	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródreglowy	nieśródreglowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródskalnościach	nieśródskalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalnościami	nieśródskalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalnością	nieśródskalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalności	nieśródskalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalności	nieśródskalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalności	nieśródskalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalności	nieśródskalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalności	nieśródskalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalnościom	nieśródskalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalność	nieśródskalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalność	nieśródskalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskalna	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródskalną	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródskalną	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródskalnego	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródskalnego	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskalnej	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródskalnej	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródskalnej	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródskalnemu	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskalne	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskalne	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskalne	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródskalne	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródskalni	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródskalnych	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródskalnych	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskalnych	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskalnymi	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskalnym	nieśródskalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskalnym	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskalnym	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskalny	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródskalny	nieśródskalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródskórnie	nieśródskórnie	adv:pos		
nieśródskórnościach	nieśródskórność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórnościami	nieśródskórność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórnością	nieśródskórność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórności	nieśródskórność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórności	nieśródskórność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórności	nieśródskórność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórności	nieśródskórność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórności	nieśródskórność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórnościom	nieśródskórność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórność	nieśródskórność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórność	nieśródskórność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródskórna	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródskórną	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródskórną	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródskórnego	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródskórnego	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskórnej	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródskórnej	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródskórnej	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródskórnemu	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskórne	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskórne	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskórne	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródskórne	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródskórni	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródskórnych	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródskórnych	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskórnych	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskórnymi	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskórnym	nieśródskórny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródskórnym	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskórnym	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródskórny	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródskórny	nieśródskórny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródściennościach	nieśródścienność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródściennościami	nieśródścienność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródściennością	nieśródścienność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienności	nieśródścienność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienności	nieśródścienność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienności	nieśródścienność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienności	nieśródścienność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienności	nieśródścienność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródściennościom	nieśródścienność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienność	nieśródścienność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienność	nieśródścienność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródścienna	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródścienną	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródścienną	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródściennego	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródściennego	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródściennej	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródściennej	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródściennej	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródściennemu	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródścienne	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródścienne	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródścienne	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródścienne	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródścienni	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródściennych	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródściennych	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródściennych	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródściennymi	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródściennym	nieśródścienny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródściennym	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródściennym	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródścienny	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródścienny	nieśródścienny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródtekstowościach	nieśródtekstowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowościami	nieśródtekstowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowością	nieśródtekstowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowości	nieśródtekstowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowości	nieśródtekstowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowości	nieśródtekstowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowości	nieśródtekstowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowości	nieśródtekstowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowościom	nieśródtekstowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowość	nieśródtekstowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowość	nieśródtekstowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtekstowa	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródtekstową	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródtekstową	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródtekstowego	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródtekstowego	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowej	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródtekstowej	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródtekstowej	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródtekstowemu	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowe	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowe	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowe	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródtekstowe	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródtekstowi	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródtekstowych	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródtekstowych	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowych	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowymi	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowym	nieśródtekstowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowym	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowym	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtekstowy	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródtekstowy	nieśródtekstowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródtkankowościach	nieśródtkankowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowościami	nieśródtkankowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowością	nieśródtkankowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowości	nieśródtkankowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowości	nieśródtkankowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowości	nieśródtkankowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowości	nieśródtkankowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowości	nieśródtkankowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowościom	nieśródtkankowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowość	nieśródtkankowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowość	nieśródtkankowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródtkankowa	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródtkankową	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródtkankową	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródtkankowego	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródtkankowego	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowej	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródtkankowej	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródtkankowej	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródtkankowemu	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowe	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowe	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowe	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródtkankowe	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródtkankowi	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródtkankowych	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródtkankowych	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowych	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowymi	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowym	nieśródtkankowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowym	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowym	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródtkankowy	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródtkankowy	nieśródtkankowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródwodnościach	nieśródwodność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodnościami	nieśródwodność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodnością	nieśródwodność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodności	nieśródwodność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodności	nieśródwodność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodności	nieśródwodność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodności	nieśródwodność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodności	nieśródwodność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodnościom	nieśródwodność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodność	nieśródwodność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodność	nieśródwodność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwodna	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródwodną	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródwodną	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródwodnego	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródwodnego	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwodnej	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródwodnej	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródwodnej	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródwodnemu	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwodne	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwodne	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwodne	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródwodne	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródwodni	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródwodnych	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródwodnych	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwodnych	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwodnymi	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwodnym	nieśródwodny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwodnym	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwodnym	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwodny	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródwodny	nieśródwodny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródwyrazowościach	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowościami	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowością	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowości	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowości	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowości	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowości	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowości	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowościom	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowość	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowość	nieśródwyrazowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródwyrazowa	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródwyrazową	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródwyrazową	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródwyrazowego	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródwyrazowego	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowej	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródwyrazowej	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródwyrazowej	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródwyrazowemu	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowe	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowe	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowe	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowe	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowi	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródwyrazowych	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródwyrazowych	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowych	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowymi	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowym	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowym	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowym	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródwyrazowy	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródwyrazowy	nieśródwyrazowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródziemnomorscy	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródziemnomorska	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródziemnomorską	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródziemnomorską	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskich	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskich	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskich	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskiego	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskiego	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskiej	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskiej	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskiej	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskiemu	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskie	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskie	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskie	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskie	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskimi	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskim	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskim	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskim	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemnomorski	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródziemnomorski	nieśródziemnomorski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródziemnomorsko	nieśródziemnomorsko	adv:pos		
nieśródziemnomorskościach	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskościami	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskością	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskości	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskości	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskości	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskości	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskości	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskościom	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskość	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnomorskość	nieśródziemnomorskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnościach	nieśródziemność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnościami	nieśródziemność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnością	nieśródziemność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemności	nieśródziemność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemności	nieśródziemność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemności	nieśródziemność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemności	nieśródziemność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemności	nieśródziemność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemnościom	nieśródziemność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemność	nieśródziemność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemność	nieśródziemność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródziemna	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródziemną	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródziemną	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródziemnego	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródziemnego	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemnej	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródziemnej	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródziemnej	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródziemnemu	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemne	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemne	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemne	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródziemne	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródziemni	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródziemnych	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródziemnych	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnych	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnymi	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnym	nieśródziemny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródziemnym	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemnym	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródziemny	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródziemny	nieśródziemny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśródżylnie	nieśródżylnie	adv:pos		
nieśródżylnościach	nieśródżylność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylnościami	nieśródżylność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylnością	nieśródżylność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylności	nieśródżylność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylności	nieśródżylność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylności	nieśródżylność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylności	nieśródżylność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylności	nieśródżylność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylnościom	nieśródżylność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylność	nieśródżylność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylność	nieśródżylność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśródżylna	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśródżylną	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśródżylną	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśródżylnego	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśródżylnego	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródżylnej	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśródżylnej	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśródżylnej	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśródżylnemu	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródżylne	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródżylne	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródżylne	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśródżylne	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśródżylni	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśródżylnych	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśródżylnych	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródżylnych	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródżylnymi	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródżylnym	nieśródżylny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśródżylnym	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródżylnym	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśródżylny	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśródżylny	nieśródżylny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrubowato	nieśrubowato	adv:pos		
nieśrubowatościach	nieśrubowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatościami	nieśrubowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatością	nieśrubowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatości	nieśrubowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatości	nieśrubowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatości	nieśrubowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatości	nieśrubowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatości	nieśrubowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatościom	nieśrubowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatość	nieśrubowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowatość	nieśrubowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowaci	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrubowata	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrubowatą	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrubowatą	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrubowatego	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrubowatego	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowatej	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrubowatej	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrubowatej	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrubowatemu	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowate	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowate	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowate	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrubowate	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrubowatych	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrubowatych	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowatych	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowatymi	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowatym	nieśrubowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowatym	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowatym	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowaty	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrubowaty	nieśrubowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrubowo	nieśrubowo	adv:pos		
nieśrubowościach	nieśrubowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowościami	nieśrubowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowością	nieśrubowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowości	nieśrubowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowości	nieśrubowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowości	nieśrubowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowości	nieśrubowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowości	nieśrubowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowościom	nieśrubowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowość	nieśrubowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowość	nieśrubowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrubowa	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrubową	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrubową	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrubowego	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrubowego	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowej	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrubowej	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrubowej	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrubowemu	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowe	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowe	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowe	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrubowe	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrubowi	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrubowych	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrubowych	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowych	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowymi	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowym	nieśrubowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrubowym	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowym	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrubowy	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrubowy	nieśrubowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrutowościach	nieśrutowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowościami	nieśrutowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowością	nieśrutowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowości	nieśrutowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowości	nieśrutowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowości	nieśrutowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowości	nieśrutowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowości	nieśrutowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowościom	nieśrutowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowość	nieśrutowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowość	nieśrutowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrutowa	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrutową	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrutową	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrutowego	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrutowego	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrutowej	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrutowej	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrutowej	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrutowemu	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrutowe	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrutowe	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrutowe	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrutowe	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrutowi	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrutowych	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrutowych	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrutowych	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrutowymi	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrutowym	nieśrutowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrutowym	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrutowym	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrutowy	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrutowy	nieśrutowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśryżowościach	nieśryżowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowościami	nieśryżowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowością	nieśryżowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowości	nieśryżowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowości	nieśryżowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowości	nieśryżowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowości	nieśryżowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowości	nieśryżowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowościom	nieśryżowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowość	nieśryżowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowość	nieśryżowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśryżowa	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśryżową	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśryżową	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśryżowego	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśryżowego	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśryżowej	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśryżowej	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśryżowej	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśryżowemu	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśryżowe	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśryżowe	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśryżowe	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśryżowe	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśryżowi	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśryżowych	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśryżowych	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśryżowych	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśryżowymi	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśryżowym	nieśryżowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśryżowym	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśryżowym	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśryżowy	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśryżowy	nieśryżowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrzednia	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśrzednią	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśrzednią	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśrzednich	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśrzednich	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrzednich	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrzedniego	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśrzedniego	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrzedniej	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśrzedniej	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśrzedniej	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśrzedniemu	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrzednie	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrzednie	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrzednie	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśrzednie	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśrzednimi	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrzednim	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśrzednim	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrzednim	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśrzedni	nieśrzedni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśrzedni	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśrzedni	nieśrzedni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśrzedniościach	nieśrzedniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniościami	nieśrzedniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniością	nieśrzedniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniości	nieśrzedniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniości	nieśrzedniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniości	nieśrzedniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniości	nieśrzedniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniości	nieśrzedniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniościom	nieśrzedniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniość	nieśrzedniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśrzedniość	nieśrzedniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarnie	nieśwarnie	adv:pos		
nieśwarnościach	nieśwarność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarnościami	nieśwarność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarnością	nieśwarność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarności	nieśwarność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarności	nieśwarność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarności	nieśwarność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarności	nieśwarność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarności	nieśwarność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarnościom	nieśwarność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarność	nieśwarność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarność	nieśwarność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieśwarna	nieśwarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieśwarną	nieśwarny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieśwarną	nieśwarny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieśwarnego	nieśwarny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieśwarnego	nieśwarny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśwarnej	nieśwarny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieśwarnej	nieśwarny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieśwarnej	nieśwarny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieśwarnemu	nieśwarny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśwarne	nieśwarny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśwarne	nieśwarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśwarne	nieśwarny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieśwarne	nieśwarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieśwarni	nieśwarny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieśwarnych	nieśwarny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieśwarnych	nieśwarny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśwarnych	nieśwarny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśwarnymi	nieśwarny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśwarnym	nieśwarny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieśwarnym	nieśwarny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśwarnym	nieśwarny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieśwarny	nieśwarny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieśwarny	nieśwarny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświadecznościach	nieświadeczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadecznościami	nieświadeczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadecznością	nieświadeczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczności	nieświadeczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczności	nieświadeczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczności	nieświadeczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczności	nieświadeczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczności	nieświadeczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadecznościom	nieświadeczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczność	nieświadeczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczność	nieświadeczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadeczna	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświadeczną	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświadeczną	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświadecznego	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświadecznego	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadecznej	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświadecznej	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświadecznej	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświadecznemu	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadeczne	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadeczne	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadeczne	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświadeczne	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświadeczni	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświadecznych	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświadecznych	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadecznych	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadecznymi	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadecznym	nieświadeczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadecznym	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadecznym	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadeczny	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświadeczny	nieświadeczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświadoma	nieświadoma	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadoma	nieświadoma	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomą	nieświadoma	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomą	nieświadoma	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomej	nieświadoma	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomej	nieświadoma	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadome	nieświadoma	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomych	nieświadoma	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomych	nieświadoma	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomymi	nieświadoma	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomym	nieświadoma	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomie	nieświadomie	adv:pos		
nieświadomo	nieświadomo	adv:pos		
nieświadomościowo	nieświadomościowo	adv:pos		
nieświadomościowościach	nieświadomościowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowościami	nieświadomościowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowością	nieświadomościowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowości	nieświadomościowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowości	nieświadomościowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowości	nieświadomościowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowości	nieświadomościowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowości	nieświadomościowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowościom	nieświadomościowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowość	nieświadomościowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowość	nieświadomościowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościowa	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświadomościową	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświadomościową	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświadomościowego	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświadomościowego	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadomościowej	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświadomościowej	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświadomościowej	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświadomościowemu	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadomościowe	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomościowe	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomościowe	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświadomościowe	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświadomościowi	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświadomościowych	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświadomościowych	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomościowych	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomościowymi	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomościowym	nieświadomościowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomościowym	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadomościowym	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadomościowy	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświadomościowy	nieświadomościowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświadomościach	nieświadomość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościami	nieświadomość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomością	nieświadomość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomości	nieświadomość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomości	nieświadomość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomości	nieświadomość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomości	nieświadomość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomości	nieświadomość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomościom	nieświadomość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomość	nieświadomość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomość	nieświadomość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadoma	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświadomą	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświadomą	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświadomego	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświadomego	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadomej	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświadomej	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświadomej	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświadomemu	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadome	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadome	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadome	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświadome	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświadomi	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświadom	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświadom	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:nom:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświadomych	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświadomych	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomych	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomymi	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomym	nieświadomy:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświadomym	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadomym	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświadomy	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświadomy	nieświadomy:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświadomego	nieświadomy:s	subst:sg:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomemu	nieświadomy:s	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadome	nieświadomy:s	depr:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomi	nieświadomy:s	subst:pl:nom.voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomych	nieświadomy:s	subst:pl:gen.acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomych	nieświadomy:s	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomymi	nieświadomy:s	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomym	nieświadomy:s	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomym	nieświadomy:s	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomym	nieświadomy:s	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomy	nieświadomy:s	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświadomy	nieświadomy:s	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowościach	nieświatełkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowościami	nieświatełkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowością	nieświatełkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowości	nieświatełkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowości	nieświatełkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowości	nieświatełkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowości	nieświatełkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowości	nieświatełkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowościom	nieświatełkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowość	nieświatełkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowość	nieświatełkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatełkowa	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatełkową	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatełkową	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatełkowego	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatełkowego	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatełkowej	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatełkowej	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatełkowej	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatełkowemu	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatełkowe	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatełkowe	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatełkowe	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatełkowe	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatełkowi	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatełkowych	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatełkowych	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatełkowych	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatełkowymi	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatełkowym	nieświatełkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatełkowym	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatełkowym	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatełkowy	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatełkowy	nieświatełkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatle	nieświatle	adv:pos		
nieświatło	nieświatło	adv:pos		
nieświatłobarwnościach	nieświatłobarwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwnościami	nieświatłobarwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwnością	nieświatłobarwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwności	nieświatłobarwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwności	nieświatłobarwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwności	nieświatłobarwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwności	nieświatłobarwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwności	nieświatłobarwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwnościom	nieświatłobarwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwność	nieświatłobarwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwność	nieświatłobarwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłobarwna	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłobarwną	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłobarwną	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłobarwnego	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłobarwnego	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwnej	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłobarwnej	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłobarwnej	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłobarwnemu	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwne	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwne	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwne	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłobarwne	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłobarwni	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłobarwnych	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłobarwnych	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwnych	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwnymi	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwnym	nieświatłobarwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwnym	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwnym	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłobarwny	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłobarwny	nieświatłobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłochłonnościach	nieświatłochłonność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonnościami	nieświatłochłonność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonnością	nieświatłochłonność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonności	nieświatłochłonność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonności	nieświatłochłonność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonności	nieświatłochłonność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonności	nieświatłochłonność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonności	nieświatłochłonność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonnościom	nieświatłochłonność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonność	nieświatłochłonność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonność	nieświatłochłonność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochłonna	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłochłonną	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłochłonną	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłochłonnego	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłochłonnego	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonnej	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłochłonnej	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłochłonnej	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłochłonnemu	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonne	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonne	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonne	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłochłonne	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłochłonni	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłochłonnych	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłochłonnych	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonnych	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonnymi	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonnym	nieświatłochłonny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonnym	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonnym	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochłonny	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłochłonny	nieświatłochłonny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłochronnie	nieświatłochronnie	adv:pos		
nieświatłochronnościach	nieświatłochronność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronnościami	nieświatłochronność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronnością	nieświatłochronność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronności	nieświatłochronność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronności	nieświatłochronność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronności	nieświatłochronność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronności	nieświatłochronność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronności	nieświatłochronność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronnościom	nieświatłochronność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronność	nieświatłochronność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronność	nieświatłochronność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłochronna	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłochronną	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłochronną	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłochronnego	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłochronnego	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochronnej	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłochronnej	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłochronnej	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłochronnemu	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochronne	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochronne	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochronne	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłochronne	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłochronni	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłochronnych	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłochronnych	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochronnych	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochronnymi	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochronnym	nieświatłochronny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłochronnym	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochronnym	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłochronny	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłochronny	nieświatłochronny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłocieniowościach	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowościami	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowością	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowości	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowości	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowości	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowości	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowości	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowościom	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowość	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowość	nieświatłocieniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłocieniowa	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłocieniową	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłocieniową	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłocieniowego	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłocieniowego	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowej	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłocieniowej	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłocieniowej	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłocieniowemu	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowe	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowe	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowe	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowe	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowi	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłocieniowych	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłocieniowych	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowych	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowymi	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowym	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowym	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowym	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłocieniowy	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłocieniowy	nieświatłocieniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłoczule	nieświatłoczule	adv:pos		
nieświatłoczułościach	nieświatłoczułość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułościami	nieświatłoczułość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułością	nieświatłoczułość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułości	nieświatłoczułość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułości	nieświatłoczułość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułości	nieświatłoczułość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułości	nieświatłoczułość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułości	nieświatłoczułość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułościom	nieświatłoczułość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułość	nieświatłoczułość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczułość	nieświatłoczułość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoczuli	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłoczuła	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłoczułą	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłoczułą	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłoczułego	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłoczułego	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułej	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłoczułej	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłoczułej	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłoczułemu	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułe	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułe	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułe	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłoczułe	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłoczułych	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłoczułych	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułych	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułymi	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułym	nieświatłoczuły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułym	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoczułym	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoczuły	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłoczuły	nieświatłoczuły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłodrukowościach	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowościami	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowością	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowości	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowości	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowości	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowości	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowości	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowościom	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowość	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowość	nieświatłodrukowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłodrukowa	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłodrukową	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłodrukową	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłodrukowego	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłodrukowego	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowej	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłodrukowej	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłodrukowej	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłodrukowemu	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowe	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowe	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowe	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowe	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowi	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłodrukowych	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłodrukowych	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowych	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowymi	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowym	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowym	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowym	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłodrukowy	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłodrukowy	nieświatłodrukowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłolubnościach	nieświatłolubność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubnościami	nieświatłolubność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubnością	nieświatłolubność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubności	nieświatłolubność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubności	nieświatłolubność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubności	nieświatłolubność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubności	nieświatłolubność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubności	nieświatłolubność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubnościom	nieświatłolubność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubność	nieświatłolubność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubność	nieświatłolubność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłolubna	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłolubną	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłolubną	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłolubnego	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłolubnego	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłolubnej	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłolubnej	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłolubnej	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłolubnemu	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłolubne	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłolubne	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłolubne	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłolubne	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłolubni	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłolubnych	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłolubnych	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłolubnych	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłolubnymi	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłolubnym	nieświatłolubny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłolubnym	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłolubnym	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłolubny	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłolubny	nieświatłolubny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłonośnościach	nieświatłonośność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośnościami	nieświatłonośność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośnością	nieświatłonośność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośności	nieświatłonośność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośności	nieświatłonośność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośności	nieświatłonośność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośności	nieświatłonośność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośności	nieświatłonośność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośnościom	nieświatłonośność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośność	nieświatłonośność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośność	nieświatłonośność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłonośna	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłonośną	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłonośną	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłonośnego	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłonośnego	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłonośnej	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłonośnej	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłonośnej	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłonośnemu	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłonośne	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłonośne	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłonośne	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłonośne	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłonośni	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłonośnych	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłonośnych	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłonośnych	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłonośnymi	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłonośnym	nieświatłonośny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłonośnym	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłonośnym	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłonośny	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłonośny	nieświatłonośny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłoodpornościach	nieświatłoodporność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodpornościami	nieświatłoodporność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodpornością	nieświatłoodporność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporności	nieświatłoodporność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporności	nieświatłoodporność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporności	nieświatłoodporność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporności	nieświatłoodporność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporności	nieświatłoodporność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodpornościom	nieświatłoodporność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporność	nieświatłoodporność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporność	nieświatłoodporność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoodporna	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłoodporną	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłoodporną	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłoodpornego	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłoodpornego	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoodpornej	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłoodpornej	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłoodpornej	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłoodpornemu	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoodporne	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoodporne	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoodporne	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłoodporne	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłoodporni	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłoodpornych	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłoodpornych	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoodpornych	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoodpornymi	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoodpornym	nieświatłoodporny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoodpornym	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoodpornym	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoodporny	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłoodporny	nieświatłoodporny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnie	nieświatłoszczelnie	adv:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnościach	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelnościami	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelnością	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelności	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelności	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelności	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelności	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelności	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelnościom	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelność	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelność	nieświatłoszczelność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłoszczelna	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłoszczelną	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłoszczelną	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnego	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnego	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnej	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnej	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnej	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnemu	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelne	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelne	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelne	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelne	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelni	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnych	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnych	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnych	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnymi	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnym	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnym	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelnym	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłoszczelny	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłoszczelny	nieświatłoszczelny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłościach	nieświatłość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłościami	nieświatłość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłością	nieświatłość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłości	nieświatłość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłości	nieświatłość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłości	nieświatłość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłości	nieświatłość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłości	nieświatłość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłościom	nieświatłość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłość	nieświatłość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłość	nieświatłość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowo	nieświatłowodowo	adv:pos		
nieświatłowodowościach	nieświatłowodowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowościami	nieświatłowodowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowością	nieświatłowodowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowości	nieświatłowodowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowości	nieświatłowodowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowości	nieświatłowodowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowości	nieświatłowodowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowości	nieświatłowodowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowościom	nieświatłowodowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowość	nieświatłowodowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowość	nieświatłowodowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłowodowa	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłowodową	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłowodową	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłowodowego	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłowodowego	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowej	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłowodowej	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłowodowej	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłowodowemu	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowe	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowe	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowe	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłowodowe	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłowodowi	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłowodowych	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłowodowych	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowych	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowymi	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowym	nieświatłowodowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowym	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowym	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłowodowy	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłowodowy	nieświatłowodowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatłożądnościach	nieświatłożądność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądnościami	nieświatłożądność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądnością	nieświatłożądność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądności	nieświatłożądność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądności	nieświatłożądność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądności	nieświatłożądność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądności	nieświatłożądność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądności	nieświatłożądność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądnościom	nieświatłożądność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądność	nieświatłożądność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądność	nieświatłożądność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatłożądna	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłożądną	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłożądną	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłożądnego	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłożądnego	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłożądnej	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłożądnej	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłożądnej	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłożądnemu	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłożądne	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłożądne	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłożądne	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłożądne	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłożądni	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatłożądnych	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłożądnych	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłożądnych	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłożądnymi	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłożądnym	nieświatłożądny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłożądnym	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłożądnym	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłożądny	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatłożądny	nieświatłożądny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatli	nieświatły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatła	nieświatły	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatłą	nieświatły	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatłą	nieświatły	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatłego	nieświatły	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatłego	nieświatły	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłej	nieświatły	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatłej	nieświatły	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatłej	nieświatły	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatłemu	nieświatły	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłe	nieświatły	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłe	nieświatły	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłe	nieświatły	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatłe	nieświatły	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatłych	nieświatły	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatłych	nieświatły	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłych	nieświatły	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłymi	nieświatły	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłym	nieświatły	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatłym	nieświatły	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatłym	nieświatły	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatły	nieświatły	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatły	nieświatły	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatoburczo	nieświatoburczo	adv:pos		
nieświatoburczościach	nieświatoburczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczościami	nieświatoburczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczością	nieświatoburczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczości	nieświatoburczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczości	nieświatoburczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczości	nieświatoburczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczości	nieświatoburczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczości	nieświatoburczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczościom	nieświatoburczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczość	nieświatoburczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburczość	nieświatoburczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatoburcza	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatoburczą	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatoburczą	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatoburczego	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatoburczego	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatoburczej	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatoburczej	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatoburczej	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatoburczemu	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatoburcze	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatoburcze	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatoburcze	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatoburcze	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatoburczych	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatoburczych	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatoburczych	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatoburczymi	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatoburczym	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatoburczym	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatoburczym	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatoburczy	nieświatoburczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatoburczy	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatoburczy	nieświatoburczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatodziejowościach	nieświatodziejowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowościami	nieświatodziejowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowością	nieświatodziejowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowości	nieświatodziejowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowości	nieświatodziejowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowości	nieświatodziejowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowości	nieświatodziejowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowości	nieświatodziejowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowościom	nieświatodziejowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowość	nieświatodziejowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowość	nieświatodziejowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatodziejowa	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatodziejową	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatodziejową	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatodziejowego	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatodziejowego	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowej	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatodziejowej	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatodziejowej	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatodziejowemu	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowe	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowe	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowe	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatodziejowe	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatodziejowi	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatodziejowych	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatodziejowych	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowych	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowymi	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowym	nieświatodziejowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowym	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowym	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatodziejowy	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatodziejowy	nieświatodziejowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatopoglądowo	nieświatopoglądowo	adv:pos		
nieświatopoglądowościach	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowościami	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowością	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowości	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowości	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowości	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowości	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowości	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowościom	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowość	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowość	nieświatopoglądowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatopoglądowa	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatopoglądową	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatopoglądową	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatopoglądowego	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatopoglądowego	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowej	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatopoglądowej	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatopoglądowej	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatopoglądowemu	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowe	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowe	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowe	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowe	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowi	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatopoglądowych	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatopoglądowych	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowych	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowymi	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowym	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowym	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowym	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatopoglądowy	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatopoglądowy	nieświatopoglądowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatotwórczo	nieświatotwórczo	adv:pos		
nieświatotwórczościach	nieświatotwórczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczościami	nieświatotwórczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczością	nieświatotwórczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczości	nieświatotwórczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczości	nieświatotwórczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczości	nieświatotwórczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczości	nieświatotwórczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczości	nieświatotwórczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczościom	nieświatotwórczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczość	nieświatotwórczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórczość	nieświatotwórczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatotwórcza	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatotwórczą	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatotwórczą	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatotwórczego	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatotwórczego	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatotwórczej	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatotwórczej	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatotwórczej	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatotwórczemu	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatotwórcze	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatotwórcze	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatotwórcze	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatotwórcze	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatotwórczych	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatotwórczych	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatotwórczych	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatotwórczymi	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatotwórczym	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatotwórczym	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatotwórczym	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatotwórczy	nieświatotwórczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatotwórczy	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatotwórczy	nieświatotwórczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatowładczo	nieświatowładczo	adv:pos		
nieświatowładczościach	nieświatowładczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczościami	nieświatowładczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczością	nieświatowładczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczości	nieświatowładczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczości	nieświatowładczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczości	nieświatowładczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczości	nieświatowładczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczości	nieświatowładczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczościom	nieświatowładczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczość	nieświatowładczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładczość	nieświatowładczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładcza	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatowładczą	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatowładczą	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatowładczego	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatowładczego	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładczej	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatowładczej	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatowładczej	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatowładczemu	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładcze	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładcze	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładcze	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatowładcze	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatowładczych	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatowładczych	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładczych	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładczymi	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładczym	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładczym	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładczym	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładczy	nieświatowładczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatowładczy	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatowładczy	nieświatowładczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatowładnie	nieświatowładnie	adv:pos		
nieświatowładnościach	nieświatowładność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładnościami	nieświatowładność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładnością	nieświatowładność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładności	nieświatowładność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładności	nieświatowładność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładności	nieświatowładność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładności	nieświatowładność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładności	nieświatowładność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładnościom	nieświatowładność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładność	nieświatowładność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładność	nieświatowładność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowładna	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatowładną	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatowładną	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatowładnego	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatowładnego	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładnej	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatowładnej	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatowładnej	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatowładnemu	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładne	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładne	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładne	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatowładne	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatowładni	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatowładnych	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatowładnych	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładnych	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładnymi	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładnym	nieświatowładny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowładnym	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładnym	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowładny	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatowładny	nieświatowładny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświatowo	nieświatowo	adv:pos		
nieświatowościach	nieświatowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowościami	nieświatowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowością	nieświatowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowości	nieświatowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowości	nieświatowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowości	nieświatowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowości	nieświatowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowości	nieświatowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowościom	nieświatowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowość	nieświatowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowość	nieświatowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświatowa	nieświatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświatową	nieświatowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświatową	nieświatowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświatowego	nieświatowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświatowego	nieświatowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowej	nieświatowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświatowej	nieświatowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświatowej	nieświatowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświatowemu	nieświatowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowe	nieświatowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowe	nieświatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowe	nieświatowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświatowe	nieświatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświatowi	nieświatowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświatowych	nieświatowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświatowych	nieświatowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowych	nieświatowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowymi	nieświatowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowym	nieświatowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświatowym	nieświatowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowym	nieświatowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświatowy	nieświatowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświatowy	nieświatowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświątalnościach	nieświątalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalnościami	nieświątalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalnością	nieświątalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalności	nieświątalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalności	nieświątalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalności	nieświątalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalności	nieświątalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalności	nieświątalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalnościom	nieświątalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalność	nieświątalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalność	nieświątalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątalna	nieświątalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświątalną	nieświątalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświątalną	nieświątalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświątalnego	nieświątalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświątalnego	nieświątalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątalnej	nieświątalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświątalnej	nieświątalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświątalnej	nieświątalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświątalnemu	nieświątalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątalne	nieświątalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątalne	nieświątalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątalne	nieświątalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświątalne	nieświątalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświątalni	nieświątalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątalnych	nieświątalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświątalnych	nieświątalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątalnych	nieświątalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątalnymi	nieświątalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątalnym	nieświątalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątalnym	nieświątalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątalnym	nieświątalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątalny	nieświątalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświątalny	nieświątalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświąteccy	nieświątecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątecka	nieświątecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświątecką	nieświątecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświątecką	nieświątecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświąteckich	nieświątecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświąteckich	nieświątecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteckich	nieświątecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteckiego	nieświątecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświąteckiego	nieświątecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświąteckiej	nieświątecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświąteckiej	nieświątecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświąteckiej	nieświątecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświąteckiemu	nieświątecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświąteckie	nieświątecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteckie	nieświątecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteckie	nieświątecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświąteckie	nieświątecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświąteckimi	nieświątecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteckim	nieświątecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteckim	nieświątecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświąteckim	nieświątecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątecki	nieświątecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświątecki	nieświątecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświątecko	nieświątecki	adja		
nieświątecku	nieświątecki	adjp:dat		
nieświątecznie	nieświątecznie	adv:pos		
nieświąteczno	nieświąteczno	adv:pos		
nieświątecznościach	nieświąteczność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątecznościami	nieświąteczność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątecznością	nieświąteczność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczności	nieświąteczność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczności	nieświąteczność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczności	nieświąteczność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczności	nieświąteczność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczności	nieświąteczność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątecznościom	nieświąteczność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczność	nieświąteczność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczność	nieświąteczność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświąteczna	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświąteczną	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświąteczną	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświątecznego	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświątecznego	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątecznej	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświątecznej	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświątecznej	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświątecznemu	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświąteczne	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteczne	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświąteczne	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświąteczne	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświąteczni	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątecznych	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświątecznych	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątecznych	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątecznymi	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątecznym	nieświąteczny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątecznym	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątecznym	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświąteczny	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświąteczny	nieświąteczny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświątkowościach	nieświątkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowościami	nieświątkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowością	nieświątkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowości	nieświątkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowości	nieświątkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowości	nieświątkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowości	nieświątkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowości	nieświątkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowościom	nieświątkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowość	nieświątkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowość	nieświątkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątkowa	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświątkową	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświątkową	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświątkowego	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświątkowego	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątkowej	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświątkowej	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświątkowej	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświątkowemu	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątkowe	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątkowe	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątkowe	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświątkowe	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświątkowi	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątkowych	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświątkowych	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątkowych	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątkowymi	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątkowym	nieświątkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątkowym	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątkowym	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątkowy	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświątkowy	nieświątkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświątniccy	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątnicka	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświątnicką	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświątnicką	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświątnickich	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświątnickich	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątnickich	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątnickiego	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświątnickiego	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątnickiej	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświątnickiej	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświątnickiej	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświątnickiemu	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątnickie	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątnickie	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątnickie	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświątnickie	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświątnickimi	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątnickim	nieświątnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątnickim	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątnickim	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątnicki	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświątnicki	nieświątnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświątnicko	nieświątnicko	adv:pos		
nieświątnickościach	nieświątnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickościami	nieświątnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickością	nieświątnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickości	nieświątnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickości	nieświątnickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickości	nieświątnickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickości	nieświątnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickości	nieświątnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickościom	nieświątnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickość	nieświątnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątnickość	nieświątnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwie	nieświątobliwie	adv:pos		
nieświątobliwościach	nieświątobliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwościami	nieświątobliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwością	nieświątobliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwości	nieświątobliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwości	nieświątobliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwości	nieświątobliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwości	nieświątobliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwości	nieświątobliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwościom	nieświątobliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwość	nieświątobliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwość	nieświątobliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątobliwa	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświątobliwą	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświątobliwą	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświątobliwego	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświątobliwego	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątobliwej	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświątobliwej	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświątobliwej	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświątobliwemu	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątobliwe	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątobliwe	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątobliwe	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświątobliwe	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświątobliwi	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątobliwych	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświątobliwych	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątobliwych	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątobliwymi	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątobliwym	nieświątobliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątobliwym	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątobliwym	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątobliwy	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświątobliwy	nieświątobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświątyniowościach	nieświątyniowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowościami	nieświątyniowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowością	nieświątyniowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowości	nieświątyniowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowości	nieświątyniowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowości	nieświątyniowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowości	nieświątyniowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowości	nieświątyniowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowościom	nieświątyniowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowość	nieświątyniowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowość	nieświątyniowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątyniowa	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświątyniową	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświątyniową	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświątyniowego	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświątyniowego	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątyniowej	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświątyniowej	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświątyniowej	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświątyniowemu	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątyniowe	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątyniowe	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątyniowe	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświątyniowe	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświątyniowi	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątyniowych	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświątyniowych	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątyniowych	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątyniowymi	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątyniowym	nieświątyniowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątyniowym	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątyniowym	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątyniowy	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświątyniowy	nieświątyniowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświątynnościach	nieświątynność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynnościami	nieświątynność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynnością	nieświątynność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynności	nieświątynność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynności	nieświątynność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynności	nieświątynność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynności	nieświątynność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynności	nieświątynność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynnościom	nieświątynność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynność	nieświątynność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynność	nieświątynność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświątynna	nieświątynny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświątynną	nieświątynny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświątynną	nieświątynny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświątynnego	nieświątynny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświątynnego	nieświątynny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątynnej	nieświątynny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświątynnej	nieświątynny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświątynnej	nieświątynny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświątynnemu	nieświątynny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątynne	nieświątynny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątynne	nieświątynny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątynne	nieświątynny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświątynne	nieświątynny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświątynni	nieświątynny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświątynnych	nieświątynny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświątynnych	nieświątynny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątynnych	nieświątynny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątynnymi	nieświątynny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątynnym	nieświątynny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświątynnym	nieświątynny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątynnym	nieświątynny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświątynny	nieświątynny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświątynny	nieświątynny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświderkowato	nieświderkowato	adv:pos		
nieświderkowatościach	nieświderkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatościami	nieświderkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatością	nieświderkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatości	nieświderkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatości	nieświderkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatości	nieświderkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatości	nieświderkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatości	nieświderkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatościom	nieświderkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatość	nieświderkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowatość	nieświderkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderkowaci	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświderkowata	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświderkowatą	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświderkowatą	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświderkowatego	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświderkowatego	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderkowatej	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświderkowatej	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświderkowatej	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświderkowatemu	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderkowate	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderkowate	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderkowate	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświderkowate	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświderkowatych	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświderkowatych	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderkowatych	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderkowatymi	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderkowatym	nieświderkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderkowatym	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderkowatym	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderkowaty	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświderkowaty	nieświderkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświderscy	nieświderski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświderska	nieświderski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświderską	nieświderski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświderską	nieświderski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświderskich	nieświderski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświderskich	nieświderski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderskich	nieświderski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderskiego	nieświderski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświderskiego	nieświderski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderskiej	nieświderski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświderskiej	nieświderski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświderskiej	nieświderski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświderskiemu	nieświderski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderskie	nieświderski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderskie	nieświderski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderskie	nieświderski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświderskie	nieświderski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświderskimi	nieświderski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderskim	nieświderski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświderskim	nieświderski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderskim	nieświderski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświderski	nieświderski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświderski	nieświderski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświdersko	nieświdersko	adv:pos		
nieświderskościach	nieświderskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskościami	nieświderskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskością	nieświderskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskości	nieświderskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskości	nieświderskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskości	nieświderskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskości	nieświderskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskości	nieświderskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskościom	nieświderskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskość	nieświderskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświderskość	nieświderskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdniccy	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświdnicka	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświdnicką	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświdnicką	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświdnickich	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświdnickich	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdnickich	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdnickiego	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświdnickiego	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdnickiej	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświdnickiej	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświdnickiej	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświdnickiemu	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdnickie	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdnickie	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdnickie	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświdnickie	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświdnickimi	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdnickim	nieświdnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdnickim	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdnickim	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdnicki	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświdnicki	nieświdnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświdnicko	nieświdnicko	adv:pos		
nieświdnickościach	nieświdnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickościami	nieświdnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickością	nieświdnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickości	nieświdnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickości	nieświdnickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickości	nieświdnickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickości	nieświdnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickości	nieświdnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickościom	nieświdnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickość	nieświdnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdnickość	nieświdnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatościach	nieświdrowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatościami	nieświdrowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatością	nieświdrowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatości	nieświdrowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatości	nieświdrowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatości	nieświdrowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatości	nieświdrowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatości	nieświdrowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatościom	nieświdrowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatość	nieświdrowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowatość	nieświdrowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowaci	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświdrowata	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświdrowatą	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświdrowatą	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświdrowatego	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświdrowatego	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowatej	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświdrowatej	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświdrowatej	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświdrowatemu	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowate	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowate	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowate	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświdrowate	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświdrowatych	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświdrowatych	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowatych	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowatymi	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowatym	nieświdrowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowatym	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowatym	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowaty	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświdrowaty	nieświdrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświdrowościach	nieświdrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowościami	nieświdrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowością	nieświdrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowości	nieświdrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowości	nieświdrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowości	nieświdrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowości	nieświdrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowości	nieświdrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowościom	nieświdrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowość	nieświdrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowość	nieświdrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrowa	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświdrową	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświdrową	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświdrowego	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświdrowego	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowej	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświdrowej	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświdrowej	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświdrowemu	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowe	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowe	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowe	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświdrowe	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświdrowi	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświdrowych	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświdrowych	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowych	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowymi	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowym	nieświdrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrowym	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowym	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrowy	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświdrowy	nieświdrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświdrująco	nieświdrująco	adv:pos		
nieświdrująca	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświdrującą	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświdrującą	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświdrującego	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświdrującego	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrującej	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświdrującej	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświdrującej	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświdrującemu	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrujące	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrujące	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrujące	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświdrujące	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświdrujących	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświdrujących	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrujących	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrującymi	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrującym	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrującym	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrującym	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrujący	nieświdrujący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświdrujący	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświdrujący	nieświdrujący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświdrzańscy	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświdrzańska	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświdrzańską	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświdrzańską	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświdrzańskich	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświdrzańskich	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskich	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskiego	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświdrzańskiego	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskiej	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświdrzańskiej	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświdrzańskiej	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświdrzańskiemu	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskie	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskie	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskie	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświdrzańskie	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświdrzańskimi	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskim	nieświdrzański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskim	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrzańskim	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdrzański	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświdrzański	nieświdrzański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświdrzańsko	nieświdrzańsko	adv:pos		
nieświdrzańskościach	nieświdrzańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskościami	nieświdrzańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskością	nieświdrzańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskości	nieświdrzańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskości	nieświdrzańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskości	nieświdrzańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskości	nieświdrzańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskości	nieświdrzańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskościom	nieświdrzańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskość	nieświdrzańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdrzańskość	nieświdrzańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińscy	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświdwińska	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświdwińską	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświdwińską	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświdwińskich	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświdwińskich	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdwińskich	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdwińskiego	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświdwińskiego	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdwińskiej	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświdwińskiej	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświdwińskiej	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświdwińskiemu	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdwińskie	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdwińskie	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdwińskie	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświdwińskie	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświdwińskimi	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdwińskim	nieświdwiński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświdwińskim	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdwińskim	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświdwiński	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświdwiński	nieświdwiński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświdwińsko	nieświdwińsko	adv:pos		
nieświdwińskościach	nieświdwińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskościami	nieświdwińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskością	nieświdwińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskości	nieświdwińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskości	nieświdwińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskości	nieświdwińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskości	nieświdwińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskości	nieświdwińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskościom	nieświdwińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskość	nieświdwińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświdwińskość	nieświdwińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodziccy	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświebodzicka	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświebodzicką	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświebodzicką	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświebodzickich	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświebodzickich	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzickich	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzickiego	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświebodzickiego	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodzickiej	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświebodzickiej	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświebodzickiej	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświebodzickiemu	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodzickie	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzickie	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzickie	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświebodzickie	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświebodzickimi	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzickim	nieświebodzicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzickim	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodzickim	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodzicki	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświebodzicki	nieświebodzicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświebodzicko	nieświebodzicko	adv:pos		
nieświebodzickościach	nieświebodzickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickościami	nieświebodzickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickością	nieświebodzickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickości	nieświebodzickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickości	nieświebodzickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickości	nieświebodzickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickości	nieświebodzickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickości	nieświebodzickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickościom	nieświebodzickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickość	nieświebodzickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzickość	nieświebodzickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińscy	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświebodzińska	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświebodzińską	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświebodzińską	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświebodzińskich	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświebodzińskich	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskich	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskiego	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświebodzińskiego	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskiej	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświebodzińskiej	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświebodzińskiej	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświebodzińskiemu	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskie	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskie	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskie	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświebodzińskie	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświebodzińskimi	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskim	nieświebodziński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskim	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodzińskim	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświebodziński	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświebodziński	nieświebodziński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświebodzińsko	nieświebodzińsko	adv:pos		
nieświebodzińskościach	nieświebodzińskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskościami	nieświebodzińskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskością	nieświebodzińskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskości	nieświebodzińskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskości	nieświebodzińskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskości	nieświebodzińskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskości	nieświebodzińskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskości	nieświebodzińskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskościom	nieświebodzińskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskość	nieświebodzińskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświebodzińskość	nieświebodzińskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecąco	nieświecąco	adv:pos		
nieświecącościach	nieświecącość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącościami	nieświecącość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącością	nieświecącość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącości	nieświecącość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącości	nieświecącość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącości	nieświecącość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącości	nieświecącość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącości	nieświecącość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącościom	nieświecącość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącość	nieświecącość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecącość	nieświecącość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecąca	nieświecący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświecącą	nieświecący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświecącą	nieświecący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświecącego	nieświecący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświecącego	nieświecący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecącej	nieświecący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświecącej	nieświecący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświecącej	nieświecący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświecącemu	nieświecący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecące	nieświecący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecące	nieświecący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecące	nieświecący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświecące	nieświecący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświecących	nieświecący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświecących	nieświecący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecących	nieświecący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecącymi	nieświecący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecącym	nieświecący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecącym	nieświecący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecącym	nieświecący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecący	nieświecący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświecący	nieświecący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświecący	nieświecący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświecidełkowatościach	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatościami	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatością	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatości	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatości	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatości	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatości	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatości	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatościom	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatość	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowatość	nieświecidełkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecidełkowaci	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświecidełkowata	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświecidełkowatą	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświecidełkowatą	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświecidełkowatego	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświecidełkowatego	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowatej	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświecidełkowatej	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświecidełkowatej	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświecidełkowatemu	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowate	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowate	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowate	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświecidełkowate	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświecidełkowatych	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświecidełkowatych	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowatych	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowatymi	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowatym	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowatym	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowatym	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecidełkowaty	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświecidełkowaty	nieświecidełkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświecistościach	nieświecistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistościami	nieświecistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistością	nieświecistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistości	nieświecistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistości	nieświecistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistości	nieświecistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistości	nieświecistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistości	nieświecistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistościom	nieświecistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistość	nieświecistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecistość	nieświecistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecista	nieświecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświecistą	nieświecisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświecistą	nieświecisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświecistego	nieświecisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświecistego	nieświecisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecistej	nieświecisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświecistej	nieświecisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświecistej	nieświecisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświecistemu	nieświecisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeciste	nieświecisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeciste	nieświecisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeciste	nieświecisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeciste	nieświecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświecistych	nieświecisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświecistych	nieświecisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecistych	nieświecisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecistymi	nieświecisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecistym	nieświecisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecistym	nieświecisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecistym	nieświecisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecisty	nieświecisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświecisty	nieświecisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeciści	nieświecisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeccy	nieświecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświecka	nieświecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświecką	nieświecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświecką	nieświecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeckich	nieświecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeckich	nieświecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeckich	nieświecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeckiego	nieświecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeckiego	nieświecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeckiej	nieświecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeckiej	nieświecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeckiej	nieświecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeckiemu	nieświecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeckie	nieświecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeckie	nieświecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeckie	nieświecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeckie	nieświecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeckimi	nieświecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeckim	nieświecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeckim	nieświecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeckim	nieświecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecki	nieświecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświecki	nieświecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświecko	nieświecko	adv:pos		
nieświeckościach	nieświeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckościami	nieświeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckością	nieświeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckości	nieświeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckości	nieświeckość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckości	nieświeckość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckości	nieświeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckości	nieświeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckościom	nieświeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckość	nieświeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeckość	nieświeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowościach	nieświecowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowościami	nieświecowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowością	nieświecowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowości	nieświecowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowości	nieświecowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowości	nieświecowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowości	nieświecowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowości	nieświecowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowościom	nieświecowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowość	nieświecowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowość	nieświecowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecowa	nieświecowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświecową	nieświecowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświecową	nieświecowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświecowego	nieświecowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświecowego	nieświecowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecowej	nieświecowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświecowej	nieświecowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświecowej	nieświecowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświecowemu	nieświecowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecowe	nieświecowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecowe	nieświecowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecowe	nieświecowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświecowe	nieświecowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświecowi	nieświecowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświecowych	nieświecowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświecowych	nieświecowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecowych	nieświecowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecowymi	nieświecowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecowym	nieświecowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecowym	nieświecowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecowym	nieświecowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecowy	nieświecowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświecowy	nieświecowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeczkowościach	nieświeczkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowościami	nieświeczkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowością	nieświeczkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowości	nieświeczkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowości	nieświeczkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowości	nieświeczkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowości	nieświeczkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowości	nieświeczkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowościom	nieświeczkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowość	nieświeczkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowość	nieświeczkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeczkowa	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeczkową	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeczkową	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeczkowego	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeczkowego	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeczkowej	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeczkowej	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeczkowej	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeczkowemu	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeczkowe	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeczkowe	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeczkowe	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeczkowe	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeczkowi	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeczkowych	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeczkowych	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeczkowych	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeczkowymi	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeczkowym	nieświeczkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeczkowym	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeczkowym	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeczkowy	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeczkowy	nieświeczkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświecznikowościach	nieświecznikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowościami	nieświecznikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowością	nieświecznikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowości	nieświecznikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowości	nieświecznikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowości	nieświecznikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowości	nieświecznikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowości	nieświecznikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowościom	nieświecznikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowość	nieświecznikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowość	nieświecznikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświecznikowa	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświecznikową	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświecznikową	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświecznikowego	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświecznikowego	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecznikowej	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświecznikowej	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświecznikowej	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświecznikowemu	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecznikowe	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecznikowe	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecznikowe	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświecznikowe	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświecznikowi	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświecznikowych	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświecznikowych	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecznikowych	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecznikowymi	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecznikowym	nieświecznikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświecznikowym	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecznikowym	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświecznikowy	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświecznikowy	nieświecznikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświedziebniańscy	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświedziebniańska	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświedziebniańską	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświedziebniańską	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświedziebniańskich	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświedziebniańskich	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskich	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskiego	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświedziebniańskiego	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskiej	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświedziebniańskiej	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświedziebniańskiej	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświedziebniańskiemu	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskie	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskie	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskie	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskie	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskimi	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskim	nieświedziebniański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskim	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebniańskim	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebniański	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświedziebniański	nieświedziebniański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświedziebniańsko	nieświedziebniańsko	adv:pos		
nieświedziebniańskościach	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskościami	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskością	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskości	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskości	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskości	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskości	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskości	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskościom	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskość	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebniańskość	nieświedziebniańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebscy	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświedziebska	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświedziebską	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświedziebską	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświedziebskich	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświedziebskich	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebskich	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebskiego	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświedziebskiego	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebskiej	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświedziebskiej	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświedziebskiej	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświedziebskiemu	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebskie	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebskie	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebskie	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświedziebskie	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświedziebskimi	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebskim	nieświedziebski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświedziebskim	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebskim	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświedziebski	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświedziebski	nieświedziebski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświedziebsko	nieświedziebsko	adv:pos		
nieświedziebskościach	nieświedziebskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskościami	nieświedziebskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskością	nieświedziebskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskości	nieświedziebskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskości	nieświedziebskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskości	nieświedziebskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskości	nieświedziebskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskości	nieświedziebskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskościom	nieświedziebskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskość	nieświedziebskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświedziebskość	nieświedziebskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwie	nieświegotliwie	adv:pos		
nieświegotliwościach	nieświegotliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwościami	nieświegotliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwością	nieświegotliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwości	nieświegotliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwości	nieświegotliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwości	nieświegotliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwości	nieświegotliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwości	nieświegotliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwościom	nieświegotliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwość	nieświegotliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwość	nieświegotliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświegotliwa	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświegotliwą	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświegotliwą	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświegotliwego	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświegotliwego	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświegotliwej	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświegotliwej	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświegotliwej	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświegotliwemu	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświegotliwe	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświegotliwe	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświegotliwe	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświegotliwe	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświegotliwi	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświegotliwych	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświegotliwych	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświegotliwych	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświegotliwymi	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświegotliwym	nieświegotliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświegotliwym	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświegotliwym	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświegotliwy	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświegotliwy	nieświegotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświekatowscy	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświekatowska	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświekatowską	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświekatowską	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświekatowskich	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświekatowskich	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekatowskich	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekatowskiego	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświekatowskiego	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekatowskiej	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświekatowskiej	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświekatowskiej	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświekatowskiemu	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekatowskie	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekatowskie	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekatowskie	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświekatowskie	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświekatowskimi	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekatowskim	nieświekatowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekatowskim	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekatowskim	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekatowski	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświekatowski	nieświekatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświekatowsko	nieświekatowski	adja		
nieświekatowsku	nieświekatowski	adjp:dat		
nieświekrowościach	nieświekrowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowościami	nieświekrowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowością	nieświekrowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowości	nieświekrowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowości	nieświekrowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowości	nieświekrowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowości	nieświekrowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowości	nieświekrowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowościom	nieświekrowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowość	nieświekrowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowość	nieświekrowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświekrowa	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświekrową	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświekrową	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświekrowego	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświekrowego	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekrowej	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświekrowej	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświekrowej	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświekrowemu	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekrowe	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekrowe	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekrowe	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświekrowe	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświekrowi	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświekrowych	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświekrowych	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekrowych	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekrowymi	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekrowym	nieświekrowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświekrowym	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekrowym	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświekrowy	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświekrowy	nieświekrowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeradowscy	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeradowska	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeradowską	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeradowską	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeradowskich	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeradowskich	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeradowskich	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeradowskiego	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeradowskiego	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeradowskiej	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeradowskiej	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeradowskiej	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeradowskiemu	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeradowskie	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeradowskie	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeradowskie	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeradowskie	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeradowskimi	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeradowskim	nieświeradowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeradowskim	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeradowskim	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeradowski	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeradowski	nieświeradowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeradowsko	nieświeradowsko	adv:pos		
nieświeradowskościach	nieświeradowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskościami	nieświeradowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskością	nieświeradowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskości	nieświeradowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskości	nieświeradowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskości	nieświeradowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskości	nieświeradowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskości	nieświeradowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskościom	nieświeradowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskość	nieświeradowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeradowskość	nieświeradowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerccy	nieświercki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświercka	nieświercki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświercką	nieświercki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświercką	nieświercki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerckich	nieświercki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerckich	nieświercki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerckich	nieświercki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerckiego	nieświercki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerckiego	nieświercki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerckiej	nieświercki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerckiej	nieświercki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerckiej	nieświercki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerckiemu	nieświercki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerckie	nieświercki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerckie	nieświercki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerckie	nieświercki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerckie	nieświercki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerckimi	nieświercki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerckim	nieświercki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerckim	nieświercki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerckim	nieświercki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświercki	nieświercki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświercki	nieświercki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświercko	nieświercki	adja		
nieświercku	nieświercki	adjp:dat		
nieświerczańscy	nieświerczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerczańska	nieświerczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerczańską	nieświerczański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerczańską	nieświerczański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerczańskich	nieświerczański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerczańskich	nieświerczański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczańskich	nieświerczański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczańskiego	nieświerczański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerczańskiego	nieświerczański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczańskiej	nieświerczański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerczańskiej	nieświerczański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerczańskiej	nieświerczański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerczańskiemu	nieświerczański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczańskie	nieświerczański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczańskie	nieświerczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczańskie	nieświerczański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerczańskie	nieświerczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerczańskimi	nieświerczański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczańskim	nieświerczański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczańskim	nieświerczański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczańskim	nieświerczański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczański	nieświerczański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerczański	nieświerczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerczańsko	nieświerczański	adja		
nieświerczańsku	nieświerczański	adjp:dat		
nieświerczowscy	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerczowska	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerczowską	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerczowską	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerczowskich	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerczowskich	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczowskich	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczowskiego	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerczowskiego	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczowskiej	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerczowskiej	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerczowskiej	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerczowskiemu	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczowskie	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczowskie	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczowskie	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerczowskie	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerczowskimi	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczowskim	nieświerczowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerczowskim	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczowskim	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerczowski	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerczowski	nieświerczowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerczowsko	nieświerczowsko	adv:pos		
nieświerczowskościach	nieświerczowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskościami	nieświerczowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskością	nieświerczowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskości	nieświerczowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskości	nieświerczowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskości	nieświerczowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskości	nieświerczowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskości	nieświerczowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskościom	nieświerczowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskość	nieświerczowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerczowskość	nieświerczowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwościach	nieświergotliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwościami	nieświergotliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwością	nieświergotliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwości	nieświergotliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwości	nieświergotliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwości	nieświergotliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwości	nieświergotliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwości	nieświergotliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwościom	nieświergotliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwość	nieświergotliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwość	nieświergotliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświergotliwa	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświergotliwą	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświergotliwą	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświergotliwego	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświergotliwego	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświergotliwej	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświergotliwej	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświergotliwej	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświergotliwemu	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświergotliwe	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświergotliwe	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświergotliwe	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświergotliwe	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświergotliwi	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświergotliwych	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświergotliwych	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświergotliwych	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświergotliwymi	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświergotliwym	nieświergotliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświergotliwym	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświergotliwym	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświergotliwy	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświergotliwy	nieświergotliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerklanieccy	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerklaniecka	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerklaniecką	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerklaniecką	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerklanieckich	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerklanieckich	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckich	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckiego	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerklanieckiego	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckiej	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerklanieckiej	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerklanieckiej	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerklanieckiemu	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckie	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckie	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckie	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerklanieckie	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerklanieckimi	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckim	nieświerklaniecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckim	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklanieckim	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklaniecki	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerklaniecki	nieświerklaniecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerklaniecko	nieświerklaniecki	adja		
nieświerklaniecku	nieświerklaniecki	adjp:dat		
nieświerklańscy	nieświerklański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerklańska	nieświerklański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerklańską	nieświerklański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerklańską	nieświerklański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerklańskich	nieświerklański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerklańskich	nieświerklański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklańskich	nieświerklański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklańskiego	nieświerklański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerklańskiego	nieświerklański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklańskiej	nieświerklański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerklańskiej	nieświerklański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerklańskiej	nieświerklański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerklańskiemu	nieświerklański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklańskie	nieświerklański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklańskie	nieświerklański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklańskie	nieświerklański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerklańskie	nieświerklański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerklańskimi	nieświerklański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklańskim	nieświerklański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerklańskim	nieświerklański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklańskim	nieświerklański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerklański	nieświerklański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerklański	nieświerklański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerklańsko	nieświerklańsko	adv:pos		
nieświerklańskościach	nieświerklańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskościami	nieświerklańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskością	nieświerklańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskości	nieświerklańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskości	nieświerklańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskości	nieświerklańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskości	nieświerklańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskości	nieświerklańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskościom	nieświerklańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskość	nieświerklańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerklańskość	nieświerklańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowościach	nieświerkowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowościami	nieświerkowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowością	nieświerkowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowości	nieświerkowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowości	nieświerkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowości	nieświerkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowości	nieświerkowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowości	nieświerkowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowościom	nieświerkowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowość	nieświerkowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowość	nieświerkowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerkowa	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerkową	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerkową	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerkowego	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerkowego	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerkowej	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerkowej	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerkowej	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerkowemu	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerkowe	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerkowe	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerkowe	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerkowe	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerkowi	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerkowych	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerkowych	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerkowych	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerkowymi	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerkowym	nieświerkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerkowym	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerkowym	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerkowy	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerkowy	nieświerkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerszczowościach	nieświerszczowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowościami	nieświerszczowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowością	nieświerszczowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowości	nieświerszczowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowości	nieświerszczowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowości	nieświerszczowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowości	nieświerszczowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowości	nieświerszczowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowościom	nieświerszczowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowość	nieświerszczowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowość	nieświerszczowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerszczowa	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerszczową	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerszczową	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerszczowego	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerszczowego	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerszczowej	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerszczowej	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerszczowej	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerszczowemu	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerszczowe	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerszczowe	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerszczowe	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerszczowe	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerszczowi	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerszczowych	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerszczowych	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerszczowych	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerszczowymi	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerszczowym	nieświerszczowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerszczowym	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerszczowym	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerszczowy	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerszczowy	nieświerszczowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerzawscy	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerzawska	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerzawską	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerzawską	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerzawskich	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerzawskich	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzawskich	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzawskiego	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerzawskiego	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzawskiej	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerzawskiej	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerzawskiej	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerzawskiemu	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzawskie	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzawskie	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzawskie	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerzawskie	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerzawskimi	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzawskim	nieświerzawski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzawskim	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzawskim	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzawski	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerzawski	nieświerzawski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerzawsko	nieświerzawsko	adv:pos		
nieświerzawskościach	nieświerzawskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskościami	nieświerzawskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskością	nieświerzawskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskości	nieświerzawskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskości	nieświerzawskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskości	nieświerzawskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskości	nieświerzawskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskości	nieświerzawskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskościom	nieświerzawskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskość	nieświerzawskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzawskość	nieświerzawskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatościach	nieświerzbowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatościami	nieświerzbowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatością	nieświerzbowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatości	nieświerzbowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatości	nieświerzbowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatości	nieświerzbowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatości	nieświerzbowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatości	nieświerzbowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatościom	nieświerzbowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatość	nieświerzbowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowatość	nieświerzbowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzbowaci	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerzbowata	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerzbowatą	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerzbowatą	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerzbowatego	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerzbowatego	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzbowatej	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerzbowatej	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerzbowatej	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerzbowatemu	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzbowate	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzbowate	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzbowate	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerzbowate	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerzbowatych	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerzbowatych	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzbowatych	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzbowatymi	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzbowatym	nieświerzbowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzbowatym	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzbowatym	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzbowaty	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerzbowaty	nieświerzbowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerzeńscy	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświerzeńska	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświerzeńską	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświerzeńską	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświerzeńskich	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświerzeńskich	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskich	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskiego	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświerzeńskiego	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskiej	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświerzeńskiej	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświerzeńskiej	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświerzeńskiemu	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskie	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskie	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskie	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświerzeńskie	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświerzeńskimi	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskim	nieświerzeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskim	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzeńskim	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświerzeński	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświerzeński	nieświerzeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświerzeńsko	nieświerzeńsko	adv:pos		
nieświerzeńskościach	nieświerzeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskościami	nieświerzeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskością	nieświerzeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskości	nieświerzeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskości	nieświerzeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskości	nieświerzeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskości	nieświerzeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskości	nieświerzeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskościom	nieświerzeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskość	nieświerzeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświerzeńskość	nieświerzeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświescy	nieświeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeska	nieświeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeską	nieświeski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeską	nieświeski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeskich	nieświeski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeskich	nieświeski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeskich	nieświeski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeskiego	nieświeski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeskiego	nieświeski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeskiej	nieświeski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeskiej	nieświeski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeskiej	nieświeski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeskiemu	nieświeski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeskie	nieświeski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeskie	nieświeski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeskie	nieświeski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeskie	nieświeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeskimi	nieświeski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeskim	nieświeski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeskim	nieświeski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeskim	nieświeski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeski	nieświeski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeski	nieświeski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświesko	nieświeski	adja		
nieświesku	nieświeski	adjp:dat		
nieświesko	nieświesko	adv:pos		
nieświeskościach	nieświeskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskościami	nieświeskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskością	nieświeskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskości	nieświeskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskości	nieświeskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskości	nieświeskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskości	nieświeskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskości	nieświeskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskościom	nieświeskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskość	nieświeskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeskość	nieświeskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńscy	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeszyńska	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeszyńską	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeszyńską	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeszyńskich	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeszyńskich	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskich	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskiego	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeszyńskiego	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskiej	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeszyńskiej	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeszyńskiej	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeszyńskiemu	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskie	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskie	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskie	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeszyńskie	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeszyńskimi	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskim	nieświeszyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskim	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeszyńskim	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeszyński	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeszyński	nieświeszyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeszyńsko	nieświeszyńsko	adv:pos		
nieświeszyńskościach	nieświeszyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskościami	nieświeszyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskością	nieświeszyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskości	nieświeszyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskości	nieświeszyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskości	nieświeszyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskości	nieświeszyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskości	nieświeszyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskościom	nieświeszyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskość	nieświeszyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeszyńskość	nieświeszyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlano	nieświetlano	adv:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnościach	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwnościami	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwnością	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwności	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwności	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwności	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwności	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwności	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwnościom	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwność	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwność	nieświetlanobarwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanobarwna	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetlanobarwną	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetlanobarwną	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnego	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnego	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnej	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnej	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnej	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnemu	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwne	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwne	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwne	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwne	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwni	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnych	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnych	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnych	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnymi	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnym	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnym	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwnym	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlanobarwny	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetlanobarwny	nieświetlanobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświetlanościach	nieświetlaność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanościami	nieświetlaność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanością	nieświetlaność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlaności	nieświetlaność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlaności	nieświetlaność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlaności	nieświetlaność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlaności	nieświetlaność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlaności	nieświetlaność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlanościom	nieświetlaność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlaność	nieświetlaność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlaność	nieświetlaność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlana	nieświetlany	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetlaną	nieświetlany	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetlaną	nieświetlany	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetlanego	nieświetlany	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetlanego	nieświetlany	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlanej	nieświetlany	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetlanej	nieświetlany	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetlanej	nieświetlany	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetlanemu	nieświetlany	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlane	nieświetlany	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlane	nieświetlany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlane	nieświetlany	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetlane	nieświetlany	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetlani	nieświetlany	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetlanych	nieświetlany	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetlanych	nieświetlany	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanych	nieświetlany	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanymi	nieświetlany	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanym	nieświetlany	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlanym	nieświetlany	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlanym	nieświetlany	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlany	nieświetlany	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetlany	nieświetlany	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświetlicowo	nieświetlicowo	adv:pos		
nieświetlicowościach	nieświetlicowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowościami	nieświetlicowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowością	nieświetlicowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowości	nieświetlicowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowości	nieświetlicowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowości	nieświetlicowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowości	nieświetlicowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowości	nieświetlicowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowościom	nieświetlicowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowość	nieświetlicowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowość	nieświetlicowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlicowa	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetlicową	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetlicową	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetlicowego	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetlicowego	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlicowej	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetlicowej	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetlicowej	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetlicowemu	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlicowe	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlicowe	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlicowe	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetlicowe	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetlicowi	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetlicowych	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetlicowych	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlicowych	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlicowymi	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlicowym	nieświetlicowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlicowym	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlicowym	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlicowy	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetlicowy	nieświetlicowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświetlikowościach	nieświetlikowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowościami	nieświetlikowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowością	nieświetlikowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowości	nieświetlikowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowości	nieświetlikowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowości	nieświetlikowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowości	nieświetlikowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowości	nieświetlikowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowościom	nieświetlikowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowość	nieświetlikowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowość	nieświetlikowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlikowa	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetlikową	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetlikową	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetlikowego	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetlikowego	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlikowej	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetlikowej	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetlikowej	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetlikowemu	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlikowe	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlikowe	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlikowe	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetlikowe	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetlikowi	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetlikowych	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetlikowych	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlikowych	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlikowymi	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlikowym	nieświetlikowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlikowym	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlikowym	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlikowy	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetlikowy	nieświetlikowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświetlisto	nieświetlisto	adv:pos		
nieświetlistościach	nieświetlistość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistościami	nieświetlistość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistością	nieświetlistość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistości	nieświetlistość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistości	nieświetlistość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistości	nieświetlistość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistości	nieświetlistość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistości	nieświetlistość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistościom	nieświetlistość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistość	nieświetlistość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlistość	nieświetlistość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlista	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetlistą	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetlistą	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetlistego	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetlistego	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlistej	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetlistej	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetlistej	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetlistemu	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetliste	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetliste	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetliste	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetliste	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetlistych	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetlistych	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlistych	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlistymi	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlistym	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlistym	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlistym	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlisty	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetlisty	nieświetlisty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświetliści	nieświetlisty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetliście	nieświetliście	adv:pos		
nieświetlnie	nieświetlnie	adv:pos		
nieświetlnościach	nieświetlność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlnościami	nieświetlność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlnością	nieświetlność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlności	nieświetlność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlności	nieświetlność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlności	nieświetlność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlności	nieświetlność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlności	nieświetlność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlnościom	nieświetlność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlność	nieświetlność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlność	nieświetlność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetlna	nieświetlny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetlną	nieświetlny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetlną	nieświetlny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetlnego	nieświetlny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetlnego	nieświetlny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlnej	nieświetlny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetlnej	nieświetlny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetlnej	nieświetlny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetlnemu	nieświetlny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlne	nieświetlny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlne	nieświetlny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlne	nieświetlny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetlne	nieświetlny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetlni	nieświetlny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetlnych	nieświetlny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetlnych	nieświetlny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlnych	nieświetlny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlnymi	nieświetlny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlnym	nieświetlny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetlnym	nieświetlny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlnym	nieświetlny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetlny	nieświetlny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetlny	nieświetlny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświetnie	nieświetnie	adv:pos		
nieświetno	nieświetno	adv:pos		
nieświetnobarwnościach	nieświetnobarwność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwnościami	nieświetnobarwność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwnością	nieświetnobarwność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwności	nieświetnobarwność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwności	nieświetnobarwność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwności	nieświetnobarwność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwności	nieświetnobarwność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwności	nieświetnobarwność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwnościom	nieświetnobarwność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwność	nieświetnobarwność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwność	nieświetnobarwność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnobarwna	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetnobarwną	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetnobarwną	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetnobarwnego	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetnobarwnego	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwnej	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetnobarwnej	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetnobarwnej	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetnobarwnemu	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwne	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwne	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwne	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetnobarwne	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetnobarwni	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetnobarwnych	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetnobarwnych	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwnych	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwnymi	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwnym	nieświetnobarwny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwnym	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwnym	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetnobarwny	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetnobarwny	nieświetnobarwny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświetnościach	nieświetność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnościami	nieświetność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnością	nieświetność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetności	nieświetność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetności	nieświetność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetności	nieświetność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetności	nieświetność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetności	nieświetność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetnościom	nieświetność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetność	nieświetność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetność	nieświetność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświetna	nieświetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświetną	nieświetny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświetną	nieświetny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświetnego	nieświetny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświetnego	nieświetny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetnej	nieświetny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświetnej	nieświetny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświetnej	nieświetny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświetnemu	nieświetny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetne	nieświetny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetne	nieświetny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetne	nieświetny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświetne	nieświetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświetni	nieświetny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświetnych	nieświetny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświetnych	nieświetny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnych	nieświetny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnymi	nieświetny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnym	nieświetny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświetnym	nieświetny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetnym	nieświetny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświetny	nieświetny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświetny	nieświetny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeżo	nieświeżo	adv:pos		
nieświeżoczesnościach	nieświeżoczesność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesnościami	nieświeżoczesność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesnością	nieświeżoczesność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesności	nieświeżoczesność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesności	nieświeżoczesność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesności	nieświeżoczesność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesności	nieświeżoczesność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesności	nieświeżoczesność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesnościom	nieświeżoczesność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesność	nieświeżoczesność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesność	nieświeżoczesność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżoczesna	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeżoczesną	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeżoczesną	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeżoczesnego	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeżoczesnego	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesnej	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeżoczesnej	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeżoczesnej	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeżoczesnemu	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesne	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesne	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesne	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeżoczesne	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeżoczesnych	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeżoczesnych	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesnych	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesnymi	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesnym	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesnym	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesnym	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżoczesny	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeżoczesny	nieświeżoczesny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeżocześni	nieświeżoczesny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeżościach	nieświeżość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżościami	nieświeżość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżością	nieświeżość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżości	nieświeżość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżości	nieświeżość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżości	nieświeżość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżości	nieświeżość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżości	nieświeżość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżościom	nieświeżość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżość	nieświeżość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżość	nieświeżość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchno	nieświeżuchno	adv:pos		
nieświeżuchnościach	nieświeżuchność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchnościami	nieświeżuchność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchnością	nieświeżuchność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchności	nieświeżuchność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchności	nieświeżuchność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchności	nieświeżuchność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchności	nieświeżuchność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchności	nieświeżuchność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchnościom	nieświeżuchność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchność	nieświeżuchność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchność	nieświeżuchność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuchna	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeżuchną	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeżuchną	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeżuchnego	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeżuchnego	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuchnej	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeżuchnej	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeżuchnej	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeżuchnemu	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuchne	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuchne	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuchne	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeżuchne	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeżuchni	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeżuchnych	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeżuchnych	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuchnych	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuchnymi	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuchnym	nieświeżuchny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuchnym	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuchnym	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuchny	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeżuchny	nieświeżuchny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeżusieńcy	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeżusieńka	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeżusieńką	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeżusieńką	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeżusieńkich	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeżusieńkich	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkich	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkiego	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeżusieńkiego	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkiej	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeżusieńkiej	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeżusieńkiej	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeżusieńkiemu	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkie	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkie	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkie	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkie	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkimi	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkim	nieświeżusieńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkim	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńkim	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżusieńki	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeżusieńki	nieświeżusieńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeżusieńko	nieświeżusieńko	adv:pos		
nieświeżusieńkościach	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkościami	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkością	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkości	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkości	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkości	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkości	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkości	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkościom	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkość	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżusieńkość	nieświeżusieńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńcy	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeżuteńka	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeżuteńką	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeżuteńką	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeżuteńkich	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeżuteńkich	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkich	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkiego	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeżuteńkiego	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkiej	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeżuteńkiej	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeżuteńkiej	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeżuteńkiemu	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkie	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkie	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkie	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkie	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkimi	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkim	nieświeżuteńki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkim	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńkim	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżuteńki	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeżuteńki	nieświeżuteńki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeżuteńko	nieświeżuteńko	adv:pos		
nieświeżuteńkościach	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkościami	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkością	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkości	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkości	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkości	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkości	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkości	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkościom	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkość	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżuteńkość	nieświeżuteńkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutcy	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeżutka	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeżutką	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeżutką	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeżutkich	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeżutkich	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżutkich	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżutkiego	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeżutkiego	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżutkiej	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeżutkiej	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeżutkiej	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeżutkiemu	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżutkie	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżutkie	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżutkie	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeżutkie	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeżutkimi	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżutkim	nieświeżutki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżutkim	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżutkim	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżutki	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeżutki	nieświeżutki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświeżutko	nieświeżutko	adv:pos		
nieświeżutkościach	nieświeżutkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkościami	nieświeżutkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkością	nieświeżutkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkości	nieświeżutkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkości	nieświeżutkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkości	nieświeżutkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkości	nieświeżutkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkości	nieświeżutkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkościom	nieświeżutkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkość	nieświeżutkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeżutkość	nieświeżutkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświeża	nieświeży	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświeżą	nieświeży	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświeżą	nieświeży	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświeżego	nieświeży	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświeżego	nieświeży	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżej	nieświeży	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświeżej	nieświeży	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświeżej	nieświeży	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświeżemu	nieświeży	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeże	nieświeży	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeże	nieświeży	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeże	nieświeży	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświeże	nieświeży	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświeżych	nieświeży	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświeżych	nieświeży	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżych	nieświeży	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżymi	nieświeży	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżym	nieświeży	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświeżym	nieświeży	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeżym	nieświeży	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświeży	nieświeży	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświeży	nieświeży	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświeży	nieświeży	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświęcie	nieświęcie	adv:pos		
nieświęciechowscy	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświęciechowska	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświęciechowską	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświęciechowską	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświęciechowskich	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświęciechowskich	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskich	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskiego	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświęciechowskiego	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskiej	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświęciechowskiej	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświęciechowskiej	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświęciechowskiemu	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskie	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskie	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskie	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświęciechowskie	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświęciechowskimi	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskim	nieświęciechowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskim	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęciechowskim	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęciechowski	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświęciechowski	nieświęciechowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświęciechowsko	nieświęciechowsko	adv:pos		
nieświęciechowskościach	nieświęciechowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskościami	nieświęciechowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskością	nieświęciechowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskości	nieświęciechowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskości	nieświęciechowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskości	nieświęciechowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskości	nieświęciechowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskości	nieświęciechowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskościom	nieświęciechowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskość	nieświęciechowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęciechowskość	nieświęciechowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconościach	nieświęconość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconościami	nieświęconość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconością	nieświęconość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconości	nieświęconość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconości	nieświęconość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconości	nieświęconość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconości	nieświęconość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconości	nieświęconość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconościom	nieświęconość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconość	nieświęconość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęconość	nieświęconość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęceni	nieświęcony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświęcona	nieświęcony	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświęconą	nieświęcony	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświęconą	nieświęcony	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświęconego	nieświęcony	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświęconego	nieświęcony	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęconej	nieświęcony	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświęconej	nieświęcony	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświęconej	nieświęcony	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświęconemu	nieświęcony	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęcone	nieświęcony	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęcone	nieświęcony	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęcone	nieświęcony	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświęcone	nieświęcony	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświęconych	nieświęcony	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświęconych	nieświęcony	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęconych	nieświęcony	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęconymi	nieświęcony	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęconym	nieświęcony	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęconym	nieświęcony	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęconym	nieświęcony	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęcony	nieświęcony	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświęcony	nieświęcony	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętajeńscy	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętajeńska	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętajeńską	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętajeńską	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętajeńskich	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętajeńskich	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskich	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskiego	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętajeńskiego	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskiej	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętajeńskiej	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętajeńskiej	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętajeńskiemu	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskie	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskie	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskie	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętajeńskie	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętajeńskimi	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskim	nieświętajeński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskim	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętajeńskim	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętajeński	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętajeński	nieświętajeński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętajeńsko	nieświętajeńsko	adv:pos		
nieświętajeńskościach	nieświętajeńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskościami	nieświętajeńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskością	nieświętajeńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskości	nieświętajeńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskości	nieświętajeńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskości	nieświętajeńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskości	nieświętajeńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskości	nieświętajeńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskościom	nieświętajeńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskość	nieświętajeńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętajeńskość	nieświętajeńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalnościach	nieświętalność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalnościami	nieświętalność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalnością	nieświętalność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalności	nieświętalność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalności	nieświętalność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalności	nieświętalność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalności	nieświętalność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalności	nieświętalność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalnościom	nieświętalność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalność	nieświętalność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalność	nieświętalność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętalna	nieświętalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętalną	nieświętalny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętalną	nieświętalny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętalnego	nieświętalny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętalnego	nieświętalny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętalnej	nieświętalny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętalnej	nieświętalny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętalnej	nieświętalny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętalnemu	nieświętalny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętalne	nieświętalny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętalne	nieświętalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętalne	nieświętalny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętalne	nieświętalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętalni	nieświętalny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętalnych	nieświętalny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętalnych	nieświętalny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętalnych	nieświętalny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętalnymi	nieświętalny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętalnym	nieświętalny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętalnym	nieświętalny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętalnym	nieświętalny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętalny	nieświętalny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętalny	nieświętalny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętnie	nieświętnie	adv:pos		
nieświętnościach	nieświętność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętnościami	nieświętność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętnością	nieświętność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętności	nieświętność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętności	nieświętność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętności	nieświętność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętności	nieświętność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętności	nieświętność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętnościom	nieświętność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętność	nieświętność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętność	nieświętność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętna	nieświętny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętną	nieświętny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętną	nieświętny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętnego	nieświętny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętnego	nieświętny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętnej	nieświętny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętnej	nieświętny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętnej	nieświętny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętnemu	nieświętny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętne	nieświętny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętne	nieświętny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętne	nieświętny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętne	nieświętny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętni	nieświętny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętnych	nieświętny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętnych	nieświętny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętnych	nieświętny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętnymi	nieświętny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętnym	nieświętny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętnym	nieświętny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętnym	nieświętny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętny	nieświętny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętny	nieświętny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświęto	nieświęto	adv:pos		
nieświętobliwie	nieświętobliwie	adv:pos		
nieświętobliwościach	nieświętobliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwościami	nieświętobliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwością	nieświętobliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwości	nieświętobliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwości	nieświętobliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwości	nieświętobliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwości	nieświętobliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwości	nieświętobliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwościom	nieświętobliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwość	nieświętobliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwość	nieświętobliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętobliwa	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętobliwą	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętobliwą	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętobliwego	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętobliwego	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętobliwej	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętobliwej	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętobliwej	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętobliwemu	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętobliwe	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętobliwe	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętobliwe	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętobliwe	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętobliwi	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętobliwych	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętobliwych	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętobliwych	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętobliwymi	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętobliwym	nieświętobliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętobliwym	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętobliwym	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętobliwy	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętobliwy	nieświętobliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętochłowiccy	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętochłowicka	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętochłowicką	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętochłowicką	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętochłowickich	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętochłowickich	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickich	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickiego	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętochłowickiego	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickiej	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętochłowickiej	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętochłowickiej	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętochłowickiemu	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickie	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickie	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickie	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętochłowickie	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętochłowickimi	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickim	nieświętochłowicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickim	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętochłowickim	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętochłowicki	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętochłowicki	nieświętochłowicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętochłowicko	nieświętochłowicko	adv:pos		
nieświętochłowickościach	nieświętochłowickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickościami	nieświętochłowickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickością	nieświętochłowickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickości	nieświętochłowickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickości	nieświętochłowickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickości	nieświętochłowickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickości	nieświętochłowickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickości	nieświętochłowickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickościom	nieświętochłowickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickość	nieświętochłowickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętochłowickość	nieświętochłowickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańscy	nieświętojański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętojańska	nieświętojański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętojańską	nieświętojański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętojańską	nieświętojański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętojańskich	nieświętojański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętojańskich	nieświętojański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętojańskich	nieświętojański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętojańskiego	nieświętojański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętojańskiego	nieświętojański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętojańskiej	nieświętojański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętojańskiej	nieświętojański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętojańskiej	nieświętojański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętojańskiemu	nieświętojański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętojańskie	nieświętojański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętojańskie	nieświętojański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętojańskie	nieświętojański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętojańskie	nieświętojański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętojańskimi	nieświętojański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętojańskim	nieświętojański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętojańskim	nieświętojański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętojańskim	nieświętojański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętojański	nieświętojański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętojański	nieświętojański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętojańsko	nieświętojańsko	adv:pos		
nieświętojańskościach	nieświętojańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskościami	nieświętojańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskością	nieświętojańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskości	nieświętojańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskości	nieświętojańskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskości	nieświętojańskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskości	nieświętojańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskości	nieświętojańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskościom	nieświętojańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskość	nieświętojańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętojańskość	nieświętojańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńscy	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńska	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńską	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńską	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskich	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskich	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskich	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskiego	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskiego	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskiej	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskiej	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskiej	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskiemu	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskie	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskie	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskie	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskie	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskimi	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskim	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskim	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskim	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokatarzyński	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętokatarzyński	nieświętokatarzyński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńsko	nieświętokatarzyńsko	adv:pos		
nieświętokatarzyńskościach	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskościami	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskością	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskości	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskości	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskości	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskości	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskości	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskościom	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskość	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokatarzyńskość	nieświętokatarzyńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczo	nieświętokradczo	adv:pos		
nieświętokradczościach	nieświętokradczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczościami	nieświętokradczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczością	nieświętokradczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczości	nieświętokradczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczości	nieświętokradczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczości	nieświętokradczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczości	nieświętokradczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczości	nieświętokradczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczościom	nieświętokradczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczość	nieświętokradczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradczość	nieświętokradczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradcza	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętokradczą	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętokradczą	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętokradczego	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętokradczego	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradczej	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętokradczej	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętokradczej	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętokradczemu	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradcze	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradcze	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradcze	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętokradcze	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętokradczych	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętokradczych	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradczych	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradczymi	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradczym	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradczym	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradczym	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradczy	nieświętokradczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętokradczy	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętokradczy	nieświętokradczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętokradzcy	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętokradzka	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętokradzką	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętokradzką	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętokradzkich	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętokradzkich	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkich	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkiego	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętokradzkiego	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkiej	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętokradzkiej	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętokradzkiej	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętokradzkiemu	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkie	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkie	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkie	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętokradzkie	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętokradzkimi	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkim	nieświętokradzki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkim	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradzkim	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokradzki	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętokradzki	nieświętokradzki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętokradzko	nieświętokradzko	adv:pos		
nieświętokradzkościach	nieświętokradzkość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkościami	nieświętokradzkość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkością	nieświętokradzkość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkości	nieświętokradzkość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkości	nieświętokradzkość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkości	nieświętokradzkość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkości	nieświętokradzkość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkości	nieświętokradzkość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkościom	nieświętokradzkość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkość	nieświętokradzkość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokradzkość	nieświętokradzkość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyscy	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętokrzyska	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętokrzyską	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętokrzyską	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętokrzyskich	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętokrzyskich	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskich	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskiego	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętokrzyskiego	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskiej	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętokrzyskiej	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętokrzyskiej	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętokrzyskiemu	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskie	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskie	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskie	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskie	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskimi	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskim	nieświętokrzyski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskim	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyskim	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętokrzyski	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętokrzyski	nieświętokrzyski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętokrzysko	nieświętokrzysko	adv:pos		
nieświętokrzyskościach	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskościami	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskością	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskości	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskości	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskości	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskości	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskości	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskościom	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskość	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętokrzyskość	nieświętokrzyskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowato	nieświętoszkowato	adv:pos		
nieświętoszkowatościach	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatościami	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatością	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatości	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatości	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatości	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatości	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatości	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatościom	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatość	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowatość	nieświętoszkowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowaci	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętoszkowata	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowatą	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowatą	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowatego	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętoszkowatego	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowatej	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowatej	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowatej	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowatemu	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowate	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowate	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowate	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętoszkowate	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętoszkowatych	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętoszkowatych	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowatych	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowatymi	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowatym	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowatym	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowatym	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowaty	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętoszkowaty	nieświętoszkowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętoszkowo	nieświętoszkowo	adv:pos		
nieświętoszkowościach	nieświętoszkowość	subst:pl:loc:f		
nieświętoszkowościami	nieświętoszkowość	subst:pl:inst:f		
nieświętoszkowością	nieświętoszkowość	subst:sg:inst:f		
nieświętoszkowości	nieświętoszkowość	subst:pl:gen:f		
nieświętoszkowości	nieświętoszkowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f		
nieświętoszkowości	nieświętoszkowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f		
nieświętoszkowości	nieświętoszkowość	subst:sg:gen:f		
nieświętoszkowości	nieświętoszkowość	subst:sg:voc:f		
nieświętoszkowościom	nieświętoszkowość	subst:pl:dat:f		
nieświętoszkowość	nieświętoszkowość	subst:sg:acc:f		
nieświętoszkowość	nieświętoszkowość	subst:sg:nom:f		
nieświętoszkowscy	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętoszkowska	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowską	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowską	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowskich	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętoszkowskich	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskich	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskiego	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętoszkowskiego	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskiej	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowskiej	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowskiej	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowskiemu	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskie	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskie	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskie	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskie	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskimi	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskim	nieświętoszkowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskim	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowskim	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowski	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętoszkowski	nieświętoszkowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętoszkowsko	nieświętoszkowsko	adv:pos		
nieświętoszkowskościach	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskościami	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskością	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskości	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskości	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskości	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskości	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskości	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskościom	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskość	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowskość	nieświętoszkowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętoszkowa	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkową	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkową	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowego	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętoszkowego	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowej	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowej	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowej	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętoszkowemu	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowe	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowe	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowe	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświętoszkowe	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętoszkowi	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświętoszkowo	nieświętoszkowy	adja		
nieświętoszkowych	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętoszkowych	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowych	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowymi	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowym	nieświętoszkowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowym	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowym	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętoszkowy	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświętoszkowy	nieświętoszkowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświętościach	nieświętość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętościami	nieświętość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętością	nieświętość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętości	nieświętość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętości	nieświętość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętości	nieświętość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętości	nieświętość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętości	nieświętość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętościom	nieświętość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętość	nieświętość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświętość	nieświętość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświęci	nieświęty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświęta	nieświęty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświętą	nieświęty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświętą	nieświęty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświętego	nieświęty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświętego	nieświęty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętej	nieświęty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświętej	nieświęty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświętej	nieświęty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświętemu	nieświęty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęte	nieświęty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęte	nieświęty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświęte	nieświęty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświęte	nieświęty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświętych	nieświęty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświętych	nieświęty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętych	nieświęty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętymi	nieświęty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętym	nieświęty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświętym	nieświęty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświętym	nieświęty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświęty	nieświęty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświęty	nieświęty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświlczańscy	nieświlczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświlczańska	nieświlczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświlczańską	nieświlczański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświlczańską	nieświlczański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświlczańskich	nieświlczański	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświlczańskich	nieświlczański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświlczańskich	nieświlczański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświlczańskiego	nieświlczański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświlczańskiego	nieświlczański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświlczańskiej	nieświlczański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświlczańskiej	nieświlczański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświlczańskiej	nieświlczański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświlczańskiemu	nieświlczański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświlczańskie	nieświlczański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświlczańskie	nieświlczański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświlczańskie	nieświlczański	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświlczańskie	nieświlczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświlczańskimi	nieświlczański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświlczańskim	nieświlczański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświlczańskim	nieświlczański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświlczańskim	nieświlczański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświlczański	nieświlczański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświlczański	nieświlczański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświlczańsko	nieświlczański	adja		
nieświlczańsku	nieświlczański	adjp:dat		
nieświnia	nieświni	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświnią	nieświni	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświnią	nieświni	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświnich	nieświni	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświnich	nieświni	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnich	nieświni	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniego	nieświni	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświniego	nieświni	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniej	nieświni	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświniej	nieświni	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświniej	nieświni	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświniemu	nieświni	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnie	nieświni	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnie	nieświni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnie	nieświni	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświnie	nieświni	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświnimi	nieświni	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnim	nieświni	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnim	nieświni	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnim	nieświni	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświni	nieświni	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświni	nieświni	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświni	nieświni	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświniccy	nieświnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświnicka	nieświnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświnicką	nieświnicki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświnicką	nieświnicki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświnickich	nieświnicki	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświnickich	nieświnicki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnickich	nieświnicki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnickiego	nieświnicki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświnickiego	nieświnicki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnickiej	nieświnicki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświnickiej	nieświnicki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświnickiej	nieświnicki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświnickiemu	nieświnicki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnickie	nieświnicki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnickie	nieświnicki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnickie	nieświnicki	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświnickie	nieświnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświnickimi	nieświnicki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnickim	nieświnicki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnickim	nieświnicki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnickim	nieświnicki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnicki	nieświnicki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświnicki	nieświnicki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświnicko	nieświnicko	adv:pos		
nieświnickościach	nieświnickość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickościami	nieświnickość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickością	nieświnickość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickości	nieświnickość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickości	nieświnickość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickości	nieświnickość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickości	nieświnickość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickości	nieświnickość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickościom	nieświnickość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickość	nieświnickość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnickość	nieświnickość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńscy	nieświnieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświnieńska	nieświnieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświnieńską	nieświnieński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświnieńską	nieświnieński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświnieńskich	nieświnieński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświnieńskich	nieświnieński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnieńskich	nieświnieński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnieńskiego	nieświnieński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświnieńskiego	nieświnieński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnieńskiej	nieświnieński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświnieńskiej	nieświnieński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświnieńskiej	nieświnieński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświnieńskiemu	nieświnieński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnieńskie	nieświnieński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnieńskie	nieświnieński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnieńskie	nieświnieński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświnieńskie	nieświnieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświnieńskimi	nieświnieński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnieńskim	nieświnieński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnieńskim	nieświnieński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnieńskim	nieświnieński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnieński	nieświnieński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświnieński	nieświnieński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświnieńsko	nieświnieńsko	adv:pos		
nieświnieńskościach	nieświnieńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskościami	nieświnieńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskością	nieświnieńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskości	nieświnieńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskości	nieświnieńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskości	nieświnieńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskości	nieświnieńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskości	nieświnieńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskościom	nieświnieńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskość	nieświnieńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnieńskość	nieświnieńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtnościach	nieświniokształtność	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtnościami	nieświniokształtność	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtnością	nieświniokształtność	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtności	nieświniokształtność	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtności	nieświniokształtność	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtności	nieświniokształtność	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtności	nieświniokształtność	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtności	nieświniokształtność	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtnościom	nieświniokształtność	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtność	nieświniokształtność	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtność	nieświniokształtność	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniokształtna	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświniokształtną	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświniokształtną	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświniokształtnego	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświniokształtnego	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniokształtnej	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświniokształtnej	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświniokształtnej	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświniokształtnemu	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniokształtne	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniokształtne	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniokształtne	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświniokształtne	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświniokształtni	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświniokształtnych	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświniokształtnych	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniokształtnych	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniokształtnymi	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniokształtnym	nieświniokształtny	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniokształtnym	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniokształtnym	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniokształtny	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświniokształtny	nieświniokształtny	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświniościach	nieświniość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniościami	nieświniość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniością	nieświniość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniości	nieświniość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniości	nieświniość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniości	nieświniość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniości	nieświniość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniości	nieświniość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniościom	nieświniość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniość	nieświniość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniość	nieświniość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatościach	nieświniowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatościami	nieświniowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatością	nieświniowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatości	nieświniowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatości	nieświniowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatości	nieświniowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatości	nieświniowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatości	nieświniowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatościom	nieświniowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatość	nieświniowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowatość	nieświniowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświniowaci	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświniowata	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświniowatą	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświniowatą	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświniowatego	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświniowatego	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniowatej	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświniowatej	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświniowatej	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświniowatemu	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniowate	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniowate	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniowate	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświniowate	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświniowatych	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświniowatych	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniowatych	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniowatymi	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniowatym	nieświniowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświniowatym	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniowatym	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświniowaty	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświniowaty	nieświniowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświnoujscy	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświnoujska	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświnoujską	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświnoujską	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświnoujskich	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświnoujskich	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnoujskich	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnoujskiego	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświnoujskiego	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnoujskiej	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświnoujskiej	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświnoujskiej	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświnoujskiemu	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnoujskie	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnoujskie	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnoujskie	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświnoujskie	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświnoujskimi	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnoujskim	nieświnoujski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświnoujskim	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnoujskim	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświnoujski	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświnoujski	nieświnoujski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświnoujsko	nieświnoujsko	adv:pos		
nieświnoujskościach	nieświnoujskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskościami	nieświnoujskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskością	nieświnoujskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskości	nieświnoujskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskości	nieświnoujskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskości	nieświnoujskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskości	nieświnoujskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskości	nieświnoujskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskościom	nieświnoujskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskość	nieświnoujskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświnoujskość	nieświnoujskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńscy	nieświński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświńska	nieświński	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświńską	nieświński	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświńską	nieświński	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświńskich	nieświński	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświńskich	nieświński	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświńskich	nieświński	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświńskiego	nieświński	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświńskiego	nieświński	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświńskiej	nieświński	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświńskiej	nieświński	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświńskiej	nieświński	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświńskiemu	nieświński	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświńskie	nieświński	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświńskie	nieświński	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświńskie	nieświński	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświńskie	nieświński	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświńskimi	nieświński	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświńskim	nieświński	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświńskim	nieświński	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświńskim	nieświński	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświński	nieświński	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświński	nieświński	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświńsko	nieświńsko	adv:pos		
nieświńskościach	nieświńskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskościami	nieświńskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskością	nieświńskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskości	nieświńskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskości	nieświńskość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskości	nieświńskość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskości	nieświńskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskości	nieświńskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskościom	nieświńskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskość	nieświńskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświńskość	nieświńskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrnięci	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświrnięta	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświrniętą	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświrniętą	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświrniętego	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświrniętego	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrniętej	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświrniętej	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświrniętej	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświrniętemu	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrnięte	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrnięte	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrnięte	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświrnięte	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświrniętych	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświrniętych	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrniętych	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrniętymi	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrniętym	nieświrnięty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrniętym	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrniętym	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrnięty	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświrnięty	nieświrnięty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświrowatościach	nieświrowatość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatościami	nieświrowatość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatością	nieświrowatość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatości	nieświrowatość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatości	nieświrowatość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatości	nieświrowatość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatości	nieświrowatość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatości	nieświrowatość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatościom	nieświrowatość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatość	nieświrowatość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowatość	nieświrowatość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrowaci	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświrowata	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświrowatą	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświrowatą	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświrowatego	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświrowatego	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrowatej	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświrowatej	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświrowatej	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświrowatemu	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrowate	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrowate	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrowate	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświrowate	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświrowatych	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświrowatych	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrowatych	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrowatymi	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrowatym	nieświrowaty	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrowatym	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrowatym	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrowaty	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświrowaty	nieświrowaty	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświrzepia	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświrzepią	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświrzepią	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświrzepich	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświrzepich	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrzepich	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrzepiego	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświrzepiego	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrzepiej	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświrzepiej	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświrzepiej	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświrzepiemu	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrzepie	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrzepie	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrzepie	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświrzepie	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświrzepimi	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrzepim	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświrzepim	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrzepim	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświrzepi	nieświrzepi	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświrzepi	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświrzepi	nieświrzepi	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświrzepiościach	nieświrzepiość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiościami	nieświrzepiość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiością	nieświrzepiość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiości	nieświrzepiość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiości	nieświrzepiość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiości	nieświrzepiość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiości	nieświrzepiość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiości	nieświrzepiość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiościom	nieświrzepiość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiość	nieświrzepiość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświrzepiość	nieświrzepiość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczościach	nieświstaczość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczościami	nieświstaczość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczością	nieświstaczość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczości	nieświstaczość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczości	nieświstaczość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczości	nieświstaczość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczości	nieświstaczość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczości	nieświstaczość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczościom	nieświstaczość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczość	nieświstaczość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstaczość	nieświstaczość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstacza	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświstaczą	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświstaczą	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświstaczego	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświstaczego	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstaczej	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświstaczej	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświstaczej	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświstaczemu	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstacze	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstacze	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstacze	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświstacze	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświstaczych	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświstaczych	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstaczych	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstaczymi	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstaczym	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstaczym	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstaczym	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstaczy	nieświstaczy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświstaczy	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświstaczy	nieświstaczy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświstliwościach	nieświstliwość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwościami	nieświstliwość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwością	nieświstliwość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwości	nieświstliwość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwości	nieświstliwość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwości	nieświstliwość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwości	nieświstliwość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwości	nieświstliwość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwościom	nieświstliwość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwość	nieświstliwość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwość	nieświstliwość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświstliwa	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświstliwą	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświstliwą	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświstliwego	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświstliwego	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstliwej	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświstliwej	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświstliwej	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświstliwemu	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstliwe	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstliwe	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstliwe	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświstliwe	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświstliwi	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświstliwych	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświstliwych	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstliwych	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstliwymi	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstliwym	nieświstliwy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświstliwym	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstliwym	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświstliwy	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświstliwy	nieświstliwy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświszcząco	nieświszcząco	adv:pos		
nieświszcząca	nieświszczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświszczącą	nieświszczący	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświszczącą	nieświszczący	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświszczącego	nieświszczący	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświszczącego	nieświszczący	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświszczącej	nieświszczący	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświszczącej	nieświszczący	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświszczącej	nieświszczący	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświszczącemu	nieświszczący	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświszczące	nieświszczący	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświszczące	nieświszczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświszczące	nieświszczący	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświszczące	nieświszczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświszczących	nieświszczący	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświszczących	nieświszczący	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświszczących	nieświszczący	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświszczącymi	nieświszczący	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświszczącym	nieświszczący	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświszczącym	nieświszczący	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświszczącym	nieświszczący	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświszczący	nieświszczący	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświszczący	nieświszczący	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświszczący	nieświszczący	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieświszczukach	nieświszczuk	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczukami	nieświszczuk	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczuka	nieświszczuk	subst:sg:gen.acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczukiem	nieświszczuk	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczuki	nieświszczuk	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczuk	nieświszczuk	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczukom	nieświszczuk	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczukowi	nieświszczuk	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczuków	nieświszczuk	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczuku	nieświszczuk	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświszczuku	nieświszczuk	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowościach	nieświtowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowościami	nieświtowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowością	nieświtowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowości	nieświtowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowości	nieświtowość	subst:pl:nom.acc.voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowości	nieświtowość	subst:sg:dat.loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowości	nieświtowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowości	nieświtowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowościom	nieświtowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowość	nieświtowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowość	nieświtowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
nieświtowa	nieświtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
nieświtową	nieświtowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
nieświtową	nieświtowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
nieświtowego	nieświtowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
nieświtowego	nieświtowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświtowej	nieświtowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
nieświtowej	nieświtowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
nieświtowej	nieświtowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
nieświtowemu	nieświtowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświtowe	nieświtowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświtowe	nieświtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświtowe	nieświtowy	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
nieświtowe	nieświtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
nieświtowi	nieświtowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
nieświtowych	nieświtowy	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
nieświtowych	nieświtowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświtowych	nieświtowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświtowymi	nieświtowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświtowym	nieświtowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
nieświtowym	nieświtowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświtowym	nieświtowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
nieświtowy	nieświtowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
nieświtowy	nieświtowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
nieśląca	słać:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślącą	słać:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślącego	słać:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślącego	słać:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślącej	słać:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślącemu	słać:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślące	słać:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślące	słać:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślących	słać:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślących	słać:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślącymi	słać:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślącym	słać:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślącym	słać:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślący	słać:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślący	słać:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślący	słać:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieląca	słać:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielącą	słać:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielącego	słać:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścielącego	słać:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącej	słać:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielącemu	słać:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielące	słać:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielące	słać:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielących	słać:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielących	słać:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącymi	słać:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącym	słać:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącym	słać:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielący	słać:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielący	słać:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielący	słać:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniach	słać:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniami	słać:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielenia	słać:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielenia	słać:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniem	słać:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielenie	słać:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniom	słać:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleni	słać:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniu	słać:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleń	słać:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielona	słać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieloną	słać:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielonego	słać:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścielonego	słać:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonej	słać:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielonemu	słać:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielone	słać:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielone	słać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonych	słać:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielonych	słać:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonymi	słać:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonym	słać:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonym	słać:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielony	słać:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielony	słać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśnięciach	snąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięciami	snąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięcia	snąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięcia	snąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięciem	snąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięcie	snąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięciom	snąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięci	snąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśnięciu	snąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięć	snąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięta	snąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniętą	snąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniętego	snąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśniętego	snąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniętej	snąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniętemu	snąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięte	snąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięte	snąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniętych	snąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśniętych	snąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniętymi	snąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniętym	snąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniętym	snąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnięty	snąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśnięty	snąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiąca	spać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącą	spać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącego	spać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącego	spać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącej	spać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącemu	spać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiące	spać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiące	spać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiących	spać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiących	spać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącymi	spać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącym	spać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiącym	spać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiący	spać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiący	spać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiący	spać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściaraszeniach	ściaraszyć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszeniami	ściaraszyć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszenia	ściaraszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszenia	ściaraszyć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszeniem	ściaraszyć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszenie	ściaraszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszeniom	ściaraszyć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszeni	ściaraszyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściaraszeniu	ściaraszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszeń	ściaraszyć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszona	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściaraszoną	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonego	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonego	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonej	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonemu	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszone	ściaraszyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszone	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonych	ściaraszyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonych	ściaraszyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonymi	ściaraszyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonym	ściaraszyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszonym	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściaraszony	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieściaraszony	ściaraszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścięciach	ściąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścięciami	ściąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścięcia	ściąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścięcia	ściąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścięciem	ściąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścięcie	ściąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścięciom	ściąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścięci	ściąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścięciu	ściąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścięć	ściąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścięta	ściąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściętą	ściąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściętego	ściąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściętego	ściąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściętej	ściąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściętemu	ściąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścięte	ściąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścięte	ściąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściętych	ściąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściętych	ściąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściętymi	ściąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściętym	ściąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściętym	ściąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścięty	ściąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścięty	ściąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieściągająca	ściągać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściągającą	ściągać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściągającego	ściągać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściągającego	ściągać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągającej	ściągać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściągającemu	ściągać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągające	ściągać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągające	ściągać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściągających	ściągać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściągających	ściągać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągającymi	ściągać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągającym	ściągać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągającym	ściągać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągający	ściągać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściągający	ściągać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściągający	ściągać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściągana	ściągać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściąganą	ściągać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściąganego	ściągać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściąganego	ściągać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganej	ściągać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściąganemu	ściągać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągane	ściągać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągane	ściągać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganiach	ściągać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganiami	ściągać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściągania	ściągać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściągania	ściągać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganiem	ściągać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganie	ściągać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganiom	ściągać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściągani	ściągać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściąganiu	ściągać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganych	ściągać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściąganych	ściągać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganymi	ściągać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganym	ściągać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściąganym	ściągać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściągany	ściągać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściągany	ściągać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściągań	ściągać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściągnięciach	ściągnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięciami	ściągnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięcia	ściągnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięcia	ściągnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięciem	ściągnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięcie	ściągnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięciom	ściągnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięci	ściągnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściągnięciu	ściągnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięć	ściągnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięta	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściągniętą	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściągniętego	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściągniętego	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściągniętej	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściągniętemu	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięte	ściągnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięte	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściągniętych	ściągnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściągniętych	ściągnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściągniętymi	ściągnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściągniętym	ściągnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściągniętym	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściągnięty	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieściągnięty	ściągnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścibana	ścibać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibaną	ścibać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibanego	ścibać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścibanego	ścibać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibanej	ścibać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibanemu	ścibać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibane	ścibać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibane	ścibać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibaniach	ścibać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibaniami	ścibać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibania	ścibać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibania	ścibać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibaniem	ścibać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibanie	ścibać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibaniom	ścibać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibani	ścibać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibaniu	ścibać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibanych	ścibać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibanych	ścibać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibanymi	ścibać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibanym	ścibać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibanym	ścibać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibany	ścibać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibany	ścibać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibań	ścibać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiąca	ścibać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącą	ścibać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącego	ścibać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącego	ścibać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącej	ścibać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącemu	ścibać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiące	ścibać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiące	ścibać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiących	ścibać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibiących	ścibać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącymi	ścibać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącym	ścibać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącym	ścibać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiący	ścibać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibiący	ścibać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibiący	ścibać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibiąca	ścibić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącą	ścibić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącego	ścibić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącego	ścibić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącej	ścibić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącemu	ścibić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiące	ścibić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiące	ścibić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiących	ścibić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibiących	ścibić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącymi	ścibić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącym	ścibić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiącym	ścibić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiący	ścibić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibiący	ścibić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibiący	ścibić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibieniach	ścibić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibieniami	ścibić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibienia	ścibić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibienia	ścibić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibieniem	ścibić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibienie	ścibić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibieniom	ścibić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibieni	ścibić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibieniu	ścibić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibień	ścibić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiona	ścibić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibioną	ścibić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibionego	ścibić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścibionego	ścibić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibionej	ścibić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibionemu	ścibić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibione	ścibić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibione	ścibić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibionych	ścibić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibionych	ścibić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibionymi	ścibić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibionym	ścibić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibionym	ścibić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibiony	ścibić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibiony	ścibić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściboląca	ścibolić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącą	ścibolić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącego	ścibolić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącego	ścibolić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącej	ścibolić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącemu	ścibolić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolące	ścibolić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolące	ścibolić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolących	ścibolić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibolących	ścibolić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącymi	ścibolić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącym	ścibolić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolącym	ścibolić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolący	ścibolić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibolący	ścibolić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibolący	ścibolić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściboleniach	ścibolić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściboleniami	ścibolić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolenia	ścibolić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolenia	ścibolić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściboleniem	ścibolić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolenie	ścibolić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściboleniom	ścibolić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściboleni	ścibolić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściboleniu	ścibolić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściboleń	ścibolić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolona	ścibolić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściboloną	ścibolić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonego	ścibolić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonego	ścibolić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonej	ścibolić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonemu	ścibolić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolone	ścibolić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolone	ścibolić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonych	ścibolić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonych	ścibolić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonymi	ścibolić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonym	ścibolić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolonym	ścibolić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścibolony	ścibolić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścibolony	ścibolić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścichająca	ścichać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścichającą	ścichać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścichającego	ścichać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścichającego	ścichać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścichającej	ścichać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścichającemu	ścichać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścichające	ścichać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścichające	ścichać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichających	ścichać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścichających	ścichać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścichającymi	ścichać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścichającym	ścichać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścichającym	ścichać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścichający	ścichać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścichający	ścichać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścichający	ścichać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścichaniach	ścichać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichaniami	ścichać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichania	ścichać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichania	ścichać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichaniem	ścichać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichanie	ścichać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichaniom	ścichać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichaniu	ścichać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichań	ścichać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścichnięciach	ścichnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięciami	ścichnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięcia	ścichnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięcia	ścichnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięciem	ścichnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięcie	ścichnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięciom	ścichnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięciu	ścichnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścichnięć	ścichnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieczeniach	ściec	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczeniami	ściec	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczenia	ściec	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczenia	ściec	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczeniem	ściec	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczenie	ściec	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczeniom	ściec	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczeniu	ściec	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieczeń	ściec	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		rzad.
nieścieknięciach	ściec	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciami	ściec	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięcia	ściec	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięcia	ściec	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciem	ściec	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięcie	ściec	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciom	ściec	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciu	ściec	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięć	ściec	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściekająca	ściekać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściekającą	ściekać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściekającego	ściekać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściekającego	ściekać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściekającej	ściekać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściekającemu	ściekać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściekające	ściekać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściekające	ściekać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekających	ściekać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściekających	ściekać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściekającymi	ściekać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściekającym	ściekać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściekającym	ściekać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściekający	ściekać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściekający	ściekać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściekający	ściekać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściekaniach	ściekać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekaniami	ściekać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekania	ściekać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekania	ściekać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekaniem	ściekać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekanie	ściekać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekaniom	ściekać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekaniu	ściekać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściekań	ściekać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieknięciach	ścieknąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciami	ścieknąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięcia	ścieknąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięcia	ścieknąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciem	ścieknąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięcie	ścieknąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciom	ścieknąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięciu	ścieknąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieknięć	ścieknąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścielająca	ścielać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielającą	ścielać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielającego	ścielać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścielającego	ścielać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielającej	ścielać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielającemu	ścielać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielające	ścielać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielające	ścielać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielających	ścielać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielających	ścielać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielającymi	ścielać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielającym	ścielać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielającym	ścielać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielający	ścielać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielający	ścielać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielający	ścielać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielana	ścielać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielaną	ścielać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielanego	ścielać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścielanego	ścielać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielanej	ścielać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielanemu	ścielać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielane	ścielać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielane	ścielać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielaniach	ścielać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielaniami	ścielać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielania	ścielać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielania	ścielać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielaniem	ścielać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielanie	ścielać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielaniom	ścielać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielani	ścielać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielaniu	ścielać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielanych	ścielać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielanych	ścielać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielanymi	ścielać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielanym	ścielać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielanym	ścielać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielany	ścielać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielany	ścielać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielań	ścielać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieląca	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielącą	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielącego	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścielącego	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącej	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielącemu	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielące	ścielić:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielące	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielących	ścielić:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielących	ścielić:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącymi	ścielić:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącym	ścielić:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielącym	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielący	ścielić:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielący	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielący	ścielić:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniach	ścielić:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniami	ścielić:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielenia	ścielić:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielenia	ścielić:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniem	ścielić:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielenie	ścielić:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniom	ścielić:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleni	ścielić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniu	ścielić:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieleń	ścielić:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielona	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieloną	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielonego	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścielonego	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonej	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścielonemu	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielone	ścielić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielone	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonych	ścielić:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścielonych	ścielić:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonymi	ścielić:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonym	ścielić:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielonym	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścielony	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścielony	ścielić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieleniach	ścielić:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieleniami	ścielić:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścielenia	ścielić:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścielenia	ścielić:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieleniem	ścielić:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścielenie	ścielić:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieleniom	ścielić:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścieleni	ścielić:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścieleniu	ścielić:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieleń	ścielić:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścielona	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścieloną	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścielonego	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścielonego	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścielonej	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścielonemu	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścielone	ścielić:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścielone	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścielonych	ścielić:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścielonych	ścielić:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścielonymi	ścielić:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścielonym	ścielić:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścielonym	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścielony	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścielony	ścielić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieściemniająca	ściemniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającą	ściemniać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającego	ściemniać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającego	ściemniać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającej	ściemniać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającemu	ściemniać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniające	ściemniać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniające	ściemniać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniających	ściemniać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściemniających	ściemniać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającymi	ściemniać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającym	ściemniać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniającym	ściemniać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniający	ściemniać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściemniający	ściemniać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściemniający	ściemniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściemniana	ściemniać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianą	ściemniać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianego	ściemniać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianego	ściemniać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianej	ściemniać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianemu	ściemniać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniane	ściemniać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniane	ściemniać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianiach	ściemniać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianiami	ściemniać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniania	ściemniać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniania	ściemniać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianiem	ściemniać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianie	ściemniać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianiom	ściemniać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniani	ściemniać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianiu	ściemniać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianych	ściemniać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianych	ściemniać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianymi	ściemniać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianym	ściemniać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnianym	ściemniać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściemniany	ściemniać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściemniany	ściemniać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściemniań	ściemniać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściemnieniach	ściemnić	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniami	ściemnić	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnienia	ściemnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnienia	ściemnić	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniem	ściemnić	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnienie	ściemnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniom	ściemnić	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieni	ściemnić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniu	ściemnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnień	ściemnić	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściemniona	ściemnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściemnioną	ściemnić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściemnionego	ściemnić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściemnionego	ściemnić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściemnionej	ściemnić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściemnionemu	ściemnić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściemnione	ściemnić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściemnione	ściemnić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnionych	ściemnić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściemnionych	ściemnić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściemnionymi	ściemnić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściemnionym	ściemnić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściemnionym	ściemnić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściemniony	ściemnić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieściemniony	ściemnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniach	ściemnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniami	ściemnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnienia	ściemnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnienia	ściemnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniem	ściemnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnienie	ściemnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniom	ściemnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnieniu	ściemnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściemnień	ściemnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniająca	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającą	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającego	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającego	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającej	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającemu	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniające	ścieniać:v1	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniające	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniających	ścieniać:v1	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniających	ścieniać:v1	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającymi	ścieniać:v1	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającym	ścieniać:v1	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającym	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniający	ścieniać:v1	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniający	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniający	ścieniać:v1	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniana	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścienianą	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścienianego	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścienianego	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianej	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścienianemu	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniane	ścieniać:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniane	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiach	ścieniać:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiami	ścieniać:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniania	ścieniać:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniania	ścieniać:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiem	ścieniać:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianie	ścieniać:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiom	ścieniać:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniani	ścieniać:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiu	ścieniać:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianych	ścieniać:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścienianych	ścieniać:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianymi	ścieniać:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianym	ścieniać:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianym	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniany	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniany	ścieniać:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniań	ścieniać:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniająca	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającą	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającego	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającego	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającej	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającemu	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniające	ścieniać:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniające	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniających	ścieniać:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniających	ścieniać:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającymi	ścieniać:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającym	ścieniać:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniającym	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniający	ścieniać:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniający	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniający	ścieniać:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniana	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścienianą	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścienianego	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścienianego	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianej	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścienianemu	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniane	ścieniać:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniane	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiach	ścieniać:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiami	ścieniać:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniania	ścieniać:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniania	ścieniać:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiem	ścieniać:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianie	ścieniać:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiom	ścieniać:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniani	ścieniać:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścienianiu	ścieniać:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianych	ścieniać:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścienianych	ścieniać:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianymi	ścieniać:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianym	ścieniać:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścienianym	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniany	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniany	ścieniać:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniań	ścieniać:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścienieniach	ścienić:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniami	ścienić:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienia	ścienić:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienia	ścienić:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniem	ścienić:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienie	ścienić:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniom	ścienić:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieni	ścienić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścienieniu	ścienić:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienień	ścienić:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniona	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścienioną	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścienionego	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścienionego	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionej	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścienionemu	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścienione	ścienić:v1	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienione	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienionych	ścienić:v1	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścienionych	ścienić:v1	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionymi	ścienić:v1	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionym	ścienić:v1	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionym	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniony	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścieniony	ścienić:v1	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścienieniach	ścienić:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniami	ścienić:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienia	ścienić:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienia	ścienić:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniem	ścienić:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienie	ścienić:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniom	ścienić:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieni	ścienić:v2	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścienieniu	ścienić:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienień	ścienić:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniona	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścienioną	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścienionego	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścienionego	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionej	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścienionemu	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścienione	ścienić:v2	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienione	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienionych	ścienić:v2	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścienionych	ścienić:v2	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionymi	ścienić:v2	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionym	ścienić:v2	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścienionym	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniony	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścieniony	ścienić:v2	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścienieniach	ścienieć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniami	ścienieć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienia	ścienieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienia	ścienieć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniem	ścienieć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścienienie	ścienieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniom	ścienieć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścienieniu	ścienieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścienień	ścienieć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowana	ścieniować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścieniowaną	ścieniować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanego	ścieniować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanego	ścieniować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanej	ścieniować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanemu	ścieniować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowane	ścieniować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowane	ścieniować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowaniach	ścieniować	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowaniami	ścieniować	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowania	ścieniować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowania	ścieniować	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowaniem	ścieniować	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanie	ścieniować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowaniom	ścieniować	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowani	ścieniować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścieniowaniu	ścieniować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanych	ścieniować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanych	ścieniować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanymi	ścieniować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanym	ścieniować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowanym	ścieniować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowany	ścieniować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścieniowany	ścieniować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścieniowań	ścieniować	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieniowująca	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującą	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującego	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującego	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującej	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującemu	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowujące	ścieniowywać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowujące	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowujących	ścieniowywać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowujących	ścieniowywać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującymi	ścieniowywać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującym	ścieniowywać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowującym	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowujący	ścieniowywać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowujący	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowujący	ścieniowywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywana	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywaną	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanego	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanego	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanej	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanemu	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywane	ścieniowywać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywane	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywaniach	ścieniowywać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywaniami	ścieniowywać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywania	ścieniowywać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywania	ścieniowywać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywaniem	ścieniowywać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanie	ścieniowywać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywaniom	ścieniowywać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywani	ścieniowywać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywaniu	ścieniowywać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanych	ścieniowywać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanych	ścieniowywać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanymi	ścieniowywać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanym	ścieniowywać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywanym	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywany	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywany	ścieniowywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieniowywań	ścieniowywać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieńczeniach	ścieńczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczeniami	ścieńczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczenia	ścieńczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczenia	ścieńczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczeniem	ścieńczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczenie	ścieńczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczeniom	ścieńczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczeniu	ścieńczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieńczeń	ścieńczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścierająca	ścierać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścierającą	ścierać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścierającego	ścierać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścierającego	ścierać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierającej	ścierać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścierającemu	ścierać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierające	ścierać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierające	ścierać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścierających	ścierać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścierających	ścierać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierającymi	ścierać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierającym	ścierać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierającym	ścierać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierający	ścierać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścierający	ścierać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścierający	ścierać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścierana	ścierać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieraną	ścierać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieranego	ścierać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścieranego	ścierać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieranej	ścierać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieranemu	ścierać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierane	ścierać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierane	ścierać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieraniach	ścierać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieraniami	ścierać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścierania	ścierać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścierania	ścierać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieraniem	ścierać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieranie	ścierać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieraniom	ścierać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścierani	ścierać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieraniu	ścierać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieranych	ścierać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieranych	ścierać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieranymi	ścierać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieranym	ścierać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieranym	ścierać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścierany	ścierać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścierany	ścierać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścierań	ścierać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścierpiana	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścierpianą	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścierpianego	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścierpianego	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpianej	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścierpianemu	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpiane	ścierpieć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpiane	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpiani	ścierpieć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścierpianych	ścierpieć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścierpianych	ścierpieć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpianymi	ścierpieć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpianym	ścierpieć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpianym	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpiany	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścierpiany	ścierpieć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścierpieniach	ścierpieć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpieniami	ścierpieć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpienia	ścierpieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpienia	ścierpieć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpieniem	ścierpieć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpienie	ścierpieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpieniom	ścierpieć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpieniu	ścierpieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpień	ścierpieć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięciach	ścierpnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięciami	ścierpnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięcia	ścierpnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięcia	ścierpnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięciem	ścierpnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięcie	ścierpnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięciom	ścierpnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięci	ścierpnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięciu	ścierpnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięć	ścierpnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięta	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętą	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętego	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętego	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętej	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętemu	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięte	ścierpnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięte	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętych	ścierpnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętych	ścierpnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętymi	ścierpnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętym	ścierpnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpniętym	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięty	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścierpnięty	ścierpnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścieśniająca	ścieśniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającą	ścieśniać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającego	ścieśniać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającego	ścieśniać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającej	ścieśniać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającemu	ścieśniać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniające	ścieśniać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniające	ścieśniać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniających	ścieśniać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniających	ścieśniać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającymi	ścieśniać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającym	ścieśniać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniającym	ścieśniać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniający	ścieśniać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniający	ścieśniać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniający	ścieśniać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniana	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianą	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianego	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianego	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianej	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianemu	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniane	ścieśniać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniane	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianiach	ścieśniać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianiami	ścieśniać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniania	ścieśniać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniania	ścieśniać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianiem	ścieśniać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianie	ścieśniać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianiom	ścieśniać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniani	ścieśniać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianiu	ścieśniać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianych	ścieśniać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianych	ścieśniać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianymi	ścieśniać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianym	ścieśniać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnianym	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniany	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniany	ścieśniać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścieśniań	ścieśniać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścieśnieniach	ścieśnić	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnieniami	ścieśnić	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnienia	ścieśnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnienia	ścieśnić	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnieniem	ścieśnić	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnienie	ścieśnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnieniom	ścieśnić	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnieni	ścieśnić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścieśnieniu	ścieśnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnień	ścieśnić	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśniona	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścieśnioną	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionego	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionego	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionej	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionemu	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnione	ścieśnić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnione	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionych	ścieśnić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionych	ścieśnić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionymi	ścieśnić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionym	ścieśnić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścieśnionym	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścieśniony	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścieśniony	ścieśnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieściężeniach	ściężeć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściężeniami	ściężeć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściężenia	ściężeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściężenia	ściężeć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściężeniem	ściężeć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściężenie	ściężeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściężeniom	ściężeć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściężeniu	ściężeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściężeń	ściężeć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścigająca	ścigać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścigającą	ścigać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścigającego	ścigać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścigającego	ścigać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigającej	ścigać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścigającemu	ścigać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigające	ścigać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigające	ścigać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścigających	ścigać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścigających	ścigać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigającymi	ścigać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigającym	ścigać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigającym	ścigać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigający	ścigać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścigający	ścigać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścigający	ścigać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścigana	ścigać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściganą	ścigać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściganego	ścigać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściganego	ścigać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściganej	ścigać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściganemu	ścigać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigane	ścigać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigane	ścigać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściganiach	ścigać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściganiami	ścigać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścigania	ścigać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścigania	ścigać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściganiem	ścigać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściganie	ścigać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściganiom	ścigać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścigani	ścigać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściganiu	ścigać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściganych	ścigać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściganych	ścigać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściganymi	ścigać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściganym	ścigać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściganym	ścigać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścigany	ścigać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścigany	ścigać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścigań	ścigać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścignięciach	ścignąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięciami	ścignąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięcia	ścignąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięcia	ścignąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięciem	ścignąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięcie	ścignąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięciom	ścignąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięci	ścignąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścignięciu	ścignąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięć	ścignąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieścignięta	ścignąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieścigniętą	ścignąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieścigniętego	ścignąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieścigniętego	ścignąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścigniętej	ścignąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieścigniętemu	ścignąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścignięte	ścignąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścignięte	ścignąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieścigniętych	ścignąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieścigniętych	ścignąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścigniętymi	ścignąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścigniętym	ścignąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieścigniętym	ścignąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieścignięty	ścignąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieścignięty	ścignąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieścinająca	ścinać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścinającą	ścinać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścinającego	ścinać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścinającego	ścinać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinającej	ścinać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścinającemu	ścinać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinające	ścinać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinające	ścinać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinających	ścinać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścinających	ścinać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinającymi	ścinać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinającym	ścinać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinającym	ścinać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinający	ścinać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścinający	ścinać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścinający	ścinać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścinana	ścinać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścinaną	ścinać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieścinanego	ścinać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieścinanego	ścinać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinanej	ścinać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieścinanemu	ścinać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinane	ścinać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinane	ścinać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinaniach	ścinać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinaniami	ścinać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinania	ścinać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinania	ścinać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinaniem	ścinać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinanie	ścinać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinaniom	ścinać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinani	ścinać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścinaniu	ścinać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieścinanych	ścinać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieścinanych	ścinać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinanymi	ścinać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinanym	ścinać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinanym	ścinać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieścinany	ścinać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieścinany	ścinać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieścinań	ścinać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosana	ściosać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściosaną	ściosać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściosanego	ściosać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściosanego	ściosać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściosanej	ściosać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściosanemu	ściosać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściosane	ściosać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściosane	ściosać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściosaniach	ściosać	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściosaniami	ściosać	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściosania	ściosać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściosania	ściosać	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściosaniem	ściosać	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściosanie	ściosać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściosaniom	ściosać	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściosani	ściosać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściosaniu	ściosać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściosanych	ściosać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściosanych	ściosać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściosanymi	ściosać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściosanym	ściosać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściosanym	ściosać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściosany	ściosać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieściosany	ściosać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieściosań	ściosać	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściosująca	ściosywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściosującą	ściosywać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściosującego	ściosywać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściosującego	ściosywać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosującej	ściosywać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściosującemu	ściosywać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosujące	ściosywać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosujące	ściosywać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosujących	ściosywać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściosujących	ściosywać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosującymi	ściosywać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosującym	ściosywać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosującym	ściosywać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosujący	ściosywać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściosujący	ściosywać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściosujący	ściosywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściosywana	ściosywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściosywaną	ściosywać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanego	ściosywać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanego	ściosywać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanej	ściosywać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanemu	ściosywać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywane	ściosywać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywane	ściosywać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywaniach	ściosywać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywaniami	ściosywać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywania	ściosywać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywania	ściosywać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywaniem	ściosywać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanie	ściosywać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywaniom	ściosywać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywani	ściosywać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściosywaniu	ściosywać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanych	ściosywać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanych	ściosywać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanymi	ściosywać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanym	ściosywać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywanym	ściosywać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściosywany	ściosywać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściosywany	ściosywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściosywań	ściosywać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowana	ściółkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowaną	ściółkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanego	ściółkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanego	ściółkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanej	ściółkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanemu	ściółkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowane	ściółkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowane	ściółkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowaniach	ściółkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowaniami	ściółkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowania	ściółkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowania	ściółkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowaniem	ściółkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanie	ściółkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowaniom	ściółkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowani	ściółkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowaniu	ściółkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanych	ściółkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanych	ściółkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanymi	ściółkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanym	ściółkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowanym	ściółkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowany	ściółkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowany	ściółkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściółkowań	ściółkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkująca	ściółkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującą	ściółkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującego	ściółkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującego	ściółkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującej	ściółkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującemu	ściółkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkujące	ściółkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkujące	ściółkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkujących	ściółkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściółkujących	ściółkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującymi	ściółkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującym	ściółkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkującym	ściółkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściółkujący	ściółkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściółkujący	ściółkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściółkujący	ściółkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściskająca	ściskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściskającą	ściskać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściskającego	ściskać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściskającego	ściskać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskającej	ściskać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściskającemu	ściskać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskające	ściskać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskające	ściskać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskających	ściskać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściskających	ściskać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskającymi	ściskać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskającym	ściskać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskającym	ściskać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskający	ściskać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściskający	ściskać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściskający	ściskać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściskana	ściskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściskaną	ściskać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściskanego	ściskać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściskanego	ściskać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskanej	ściskać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściskanemu	ściskać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskane	ściskać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskane	ściskać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskaniach	ściskać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskaniami	ściskać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskania	ściskać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskania	ściskać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskaniem	ściskać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskanie	ściskać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskaniom	ściskać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskani	ściskać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściskaniu	ściskać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściskanych	ściskać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściskanych	ściskać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskanymi	ściskać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskanym	ściskać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskanym	ściskać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściskany	ściskać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściskany	ściskać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściskań	ściskać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściśnięciach	ścisnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięciami	ścisnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięcia	ścisnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięcia	ścisnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięciem	ścisnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięcie	ścisnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięciom	ścisnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięci	ścisnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściśnięciu	ścisnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięć	ścisnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięta	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściśniętą	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściśniętego	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściśniętego	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściśniętej	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściśniętemu	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięte	ścisnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięte	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściśniętych	ścisnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściśniętych	ścisnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściśniętymi	ścisnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściśniętym	ścisnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściśniętym	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściśnięty	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieściśnięty	ścisnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieściszająca	ściszać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściszającą	ściszać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściszającego	ściszać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściszającego	ściszać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszającej	ściszać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściszającemu	ściszać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszające	ściszać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszające	ściszać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszających	ściszać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściszających	ściszać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszającymi	ściszać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszającym	ściszać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszającym	ściszać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszający	ściszać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściszający	ściszać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściszający	ściszać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściszana	ściszać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściszaną	ściszać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściszanego	ściszać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściszanego	ściszać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszanej	ściszać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściszanemu	ściszać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszane	ściszać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszane	ściszać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszaniach	ściszać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszaniami	ściszać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszania	ściszać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszania	ściszać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszaniem	ściszać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszanie	ściszać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszaniom	ściszać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszani	ściszać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściszaniu	ściszać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszanych	ściszać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściszanych	ściszać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszanymi	ściszać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszanym	ściszać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszanym	ściszać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściszany	ściszać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściszany	ściszać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściszań	ściszać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściszeniach	ściszyć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściszeniami	ściszyć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściszenia	ściszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściszenia	ściszyć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściszeniem	ściszyć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściszenie	ściszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściszeniom	ściszyć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściszeni	ściszyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściszeniu	ściszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściszeń	ściszyć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściszona	ściszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściszoną	ściszyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściszonego	ściszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściszonego	ściszyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściszonej	ściszyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściszonemu	ściszyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściszone	ściszyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściszone	ściszyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściszonych	ściszyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściszonych	ściszyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściszonymi	ściszyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściszonym	ściszyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściszonym	ściszyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściszony	ściszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieściszony	ściszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieściubająca	ściubać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającą	ściubać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającego	ściubać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającego	ściubać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającej	ściubać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającemu	ściubać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubające	ściubać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubające	ściubać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubających	ściubać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubających	ściubać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającymi	ściubać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającym	ściubać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubającym	ściubać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubający	ściubać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubający	ściubać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubający	ściubać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieściubana	ściubać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubaną	ściubać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubanego	ściubać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściubanego	ściubać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubanej	ściubać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubanemu	ściubać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubane	ściubać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubane	ściubać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubaniach	ściubać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubaniami	ściubać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubania	ściubać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubania	ściubać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubaniem	ściubać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubanie	ściubać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubaniom	ściubać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubani	ściubać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubaniu	ściubać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubanych	ściubać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubanych	ściubać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubanymi	ściubać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubanym	ściubać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubanym	ściubać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubany	ściubać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściubany	ściubać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściubań	ściubać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiąca	ściubać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącą	ściubać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącego	ściubać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącego	ściubać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącej	ściubać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącemu	ściubać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiące	ściubać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiące	ściubać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiących	ściubać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubiących	ściubać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącymi	ściubać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącym	ściubać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącym	ściubać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiący	ściubać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubiący	ściubać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściubiący	ściubać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściubiąca	ściubić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącą	ściubić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącego	ściubić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącego	ściubić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącej	ściubić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącemu	ściubić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiące	ściubić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiące	ściubić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiących	ściubić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubiących	ściubić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącymi	ściubić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącym	ściubić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiącym	ściubić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiący	ściubić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubiący	ściubić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściubiący	ściubić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściubieniach	ściubić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubieniami	ściubić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubienia	ściubić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubienia	ściubić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubieniem	ściubić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubienie	ściubić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubieniom	ściubić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubieni	ściubić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubieniu	ściubić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubień	ściubić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiona	ściubić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubioną	ściubić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubionego	ściubić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieściubionego	ściubić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubionej	ściubić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieściubionemu	ściubić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubione	ściubić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubione	ściubić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieściubionych	ściubić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieściubionych	ściubić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubionymi	ściubić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubionym	ściubić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubionym	ściubić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieściubiony	ściubić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieściubiony	ściubić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieściżbieniach	ściżbić	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbieniami	ściżbić	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbienia	ściżbić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbienia	ściżbić	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbieniem	ściżbić	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbienie	ściżbić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbieniom	ściżbić	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbieni	ściżbić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściżbieniu	ściżbić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbień	ściżbić	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbiona	ściżbić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieściżbioną	ściżbić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieściżbionego	ściżbić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieściżbionego	ściżbić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściżbionej	ściżbić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieściżbionemu	ściżbić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściżbione	ściżbić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściżbione	ściżbić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieściżbionych	ściżbić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieściżbionych	ściżbić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściżbionymi	ściżbić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściżbionym	ściżbić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieściżbionym	ściżbić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieściżbiony	ściżbić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieściżbiony	ściżbić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieśćmieniach	śćmić	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmieniami	śćmić	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmienia	śćmić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmienia	śćmić	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmieniem	śćmić	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmienie	śćmić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmieniom	śćmić	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmieni	śćmić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieśćmieniu	śćmić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmień	śćmić	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmiona	śćmić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieśćmioną	śćmić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieśćmionego	śćmić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieśćmionego	śćmić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieśćmionej	śćmić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieśćmionemu	śćmić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieśćmione	śćmić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćmione	śćmić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćmionych	śćmić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieśćmionych	śćmić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćmionymi	śćmić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćmionym	śćmić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćmionym	śćmić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieśćmiony	śćmić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieśćmiony	śćmić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieśćmiewająca	śćmiewać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającą	śćmiewać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającego	śćmiewać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającego	śćmiewać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającej	śćmiewać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającemu	śćmiewać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewające	śćmiewać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewające	śćmiewać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewających	śćmiewać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewających	śćmiewać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającymi	śćmiewać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającym	śćmiewać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewającym	śćmiewać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewający	śćmiewać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewający	śćmiewać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewający	śćmiewać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewana	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewaną	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanego	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanego	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanej	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanemu	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewane	śćmiewać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewane	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewaniach	śćmiewać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewaniami	śćmiewać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewania	śćmiewać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewania	śćmiewać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewaniem	śćmiewać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanie	śćmiewać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewaniom	śćmiewać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewani	śćmiewać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewaniu	śćmiewać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanych	śćmiewać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanych	śćmiewać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanymi	śćmiewać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanym	śćmiewać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewanym	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewany	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewany	śćmiewać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśćmiewań	śćmiewać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśćwiczeniach	śćwiczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczeniami	śćwiczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczenia	śćwiczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczenia	śćwiczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczeniem	śćwiczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczenie	śćwiczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczeniom	śćwiczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczeni	śćwiczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczeniu	śćwiczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczeń	śćwiczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczona	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczoną	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonego	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonego	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonej	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonemu	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczone	śćwiczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczone	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonych	śćwiczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonych	śćwiczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonymi	śćwiczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonym	śćwiczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczonym	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczony	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieśćwiczony	śćwiczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieśklniąca	śklnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącą	śklnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącego	śklnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącego	śklnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącej	śklnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącemu	śklnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniące	śklnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniące	śklnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniących	śklnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśklniących	śklnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącymi	śklnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącym	śklnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniącym	śklnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśklniący	śklnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśklniący	śklnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśklniący	śklnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśklnieniach	śklnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnieniami	śklnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnienia	śklnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnienia	śklnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnieniem	śklnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnienie	śklnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnieniom	śklnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnieniu	śklnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśklnień	śklnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowana	śladować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśladowaną	śladować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanego	śladować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanego	śladować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanej	śladować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanemu	śladować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowane	śladować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowane	śladować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowaniach	śladować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowaniami	śladować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowania	śladować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowania	śladować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowaniem	śladować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanie	śladować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowaniom	śladować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowani	śladować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśladowaniu	śladować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanych	śladować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanych	śladować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanymi	śladować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanym	śladować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowanym	śladować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladowany	śladować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśladowany	śladować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśladowań	śladować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladująca	śladować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśladującą	śladować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśladującego	śladować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśladującego	śladować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladującej	śladować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśladującemu	śladować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladujące	śladować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladujące	śladować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśladujących	śladować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśladujących	śladować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladującymi	śladować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladującym	śladować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladującym	śladować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśladujący	śladować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśladujący	śladować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśladujący	śladować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśledząca	śledzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącą	śledzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącego	śledzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącego	śledzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącej	śledzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącemu	śledzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzące	śledzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzące	śledzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzących	śledzić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśledzących	śledzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącymi	śledzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącym	śledzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzącym	śledzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzący	śledzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśledzący	śledzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśledzący	śledzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśledzeniach	śledzić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzeniami	śledzić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzenia	śledzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzenia	śledzić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzeniem	śledzić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzenie	śledzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzeniom	śledzić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzeni	śledzić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśledzeniu	śledzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzeń	śledzić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzona	śledzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśledzoną	śledzić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonego	śledzić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonego	śledzić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonej	śledzić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonemu	śledzić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzone	śledzić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzone	śledzić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonych	śledzić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonych	śledzić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonymi	śledzić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonym	śledzić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzonym	śledzić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśledzony	śledzić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśledzony	śledzić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepiająca	ślepiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającą	ślepiać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającego	ślepiać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającego	ślepiać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającej	ślepiać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającemu	ślepiać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiające	ślepiać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiające	ślepiać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiających	ślepiać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepiających	ślepiać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającymi	ślepiać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającym	ślepiać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiającym	ślepiać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiający	ślepiać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepiający	ślepiać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepiający	ślepiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepianiach	ślepiać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepianiami	ślepiać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiania	ślepiać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiania	ślepiać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepianiem	ślepiać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepianie	ślepiać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepianiom	ślepiać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepianiu	ślepiać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiań	ślepiać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiąca	ślepić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącą	ślepić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącego	ślepić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącego	ślepić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącej	ślepić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącemu	ślepić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiące	ślepić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiące	ślepić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiących	ślepić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepiących	ślepić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącymi	ślepić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącym	ślepić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiącym	ślepić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiący	ślepić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepiący	ślepić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepiący	ślepić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepieniach	ślepić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepieniami	ślepić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepienia	ślepić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepienia	ślepić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepieniem	ślepić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepienie	ślepić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepieniom	ślepić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepieni	ślepić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepieniu	ślepić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepień	ślepić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiona	ślepić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepioną	ślepić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepionego	ślepić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślepionego	ślepić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepionej	ślepić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepionemu	ślepić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepione	ślepić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepione	ślepić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepionych	ślepić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepionych	ślepić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepionymi	ślepić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepionym	ślepić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepionym	ślepić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepiony	ślepić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepiony	ślepić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepnąca	ślepnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącą	ślepnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącego	ślepnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącego	ślepnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącej	ślepnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącemu	ślepnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnące	ślepnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnące	ślepnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnących	ślepnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepnących	ślepnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącymi	ślepnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącym	ślepnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnącym	ślepnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnący	ślepnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślepnący	ślepnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepnący	ślepnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięciach	ślepnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięciami	ślepnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięcia	ślepnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięcia	ślepnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięciem	ślepnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięcie	ślepnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięciom	ślepnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięciu	ślepnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślepnięć	ślepnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęcząca	ślęczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącą	ślęczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącego	ślęczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącego	ślęczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącej	ślęczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącemu	ślęczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczące	ślęczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczące	ślęczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczących	ślęczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślęczących	ślęczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącymi	ślęczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącym	ślęczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczącym	ślęczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczący	ślęczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślęczący	ślęczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślęczący	ślęczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślęczeniach	ślęczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczeniami	ślęczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczenia	ślęczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczenia	ślęczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczeniem	ślęczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczenie	ślęczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczeniom	ślęczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczeniu	ślęczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślęczeń	ślęczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimacząca	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącą	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącego	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącego	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącej	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącemu	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczące	ślimaczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczące	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczących	ślimaczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczących	ślimaczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącymi	ślimaczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącym	ślimaczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczącym	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczący	ślimaczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczący	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczący	ślimaczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczeniach	ślimaczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczeniami	ślimaczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczenia	ślimaczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczenia	ślimaczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczeniem	ślimaczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczenie	ślimaczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczeniom	ślimaczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczeniu	ślimaczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślimaczeń	ślimaczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniąca	ślinić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącą	ślinić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącego	ślinić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącego	ślinić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącej	ślinić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącemu	ślinić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniące	ślinić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniące	ślinić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniących	ślinić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśliniących	ślinić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącymi	ślinić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącym	ślinić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniącym	ślinić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniący	ślinić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśliniący	ślinić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśliniący	ślinić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślinieniach	ślinić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinieniami	ślinić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinienia	ślinić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinienia	ślinić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinieniem	ślinić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinienie	ślinić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinieniom	ślinić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinieni	ślinić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślinieniu	ślinić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinień	ślinić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniona	ślinić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślinioną	ślinić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślinionego	ślinić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślinionego	ślinić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślinionej	ślinić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślinionemu	ślinić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślinione	ślinić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślinione	ślinić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślinionych	ślinić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślinionych	ślinić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślinionymi	ślinić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślinionym	ślinić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślinionym	ślinić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśliniony	ślinić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśliniony	ślinić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślipająca	ślipać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipającą	ślipać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipającego	ślipać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślipającego	ślipać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipającej	ślipać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipającemu	ślipać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipające	ślipać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipające	ślipać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipających	ślipać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślipających	ślipać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipającymi	ślipać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipającym	ślipać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipającym	ślipać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipający	ślipać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślipający	ślipać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślipający	ślipać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślipaniach	ślipać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipaniami	ślipać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipania	ślipać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipania	ślipać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipaniem	ślipać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipanie	ślipać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipaniom	ślipać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipaniu	ślipać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipań	ślipać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiająca	ślipiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającą	ślipiać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającego	ślipiać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającego	ślipiać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającej	ślipiać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającemu	ślipiać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiające	ślipiać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiające	ślipiać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiających	ślipiać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślipiających	ślipiać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającymi	ślipiać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającym	ślipiać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiającym	ślipiać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiający	ślipiać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślipiający	ślipiać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślipiający	ślipiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślipianiach	ślipiać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipianiami	ślipiać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiania	ślipiać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiania	ślipiać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipianiem	ślipiać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipianie	ślipiać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipianiom	ślipiać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipianiu	ślipiać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiań	ślipiać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiąca	ślipieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącą	ślipieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącego	ślipieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącego	ślipieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącej	ślipieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącemu	ślipieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiące	ślipieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiące	ślipieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiących	ślipieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślipiących	ślipieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącymi	ślipieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącym	ślipieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiącym	ślipieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślipiący	ślipieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślipiący	ślipieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślipiący	ślipieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślipieniach	ślipieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipieniami	ślipieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipienia	ślipieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipienia	ślipieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipieniem	ślipieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipienie	ślipieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipieniom	ślipieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipieniu	ślipieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślipień	ślipieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgająca	ślizgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającą	ślizgać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającego	ślizgać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającego	ślizgać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającej	ślizgać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającemu	ślizgać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgające	ślizgać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgające	ślizgać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgających	ślizgać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślizgających	ślizgać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającymi	ślizgać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającym	ślizgać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgającym	ślizgać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgający	ślizgać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślizgający	ślizgać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślizgający	ślizgać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślizganiach	ślizgać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizganiami	ślizgać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgania	ślizgać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgania	ślizgać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizganiem	ślizgać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizganie	ślizgać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizganiom	ślizgać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizganiu	ślizgać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślizgań	ślizgać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśliźnięciach	śliznąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięciami	śliznąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięcia	śliznąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięcia	śliznąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięciem	śliznąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięcie	śliznąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięciom	śliznąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięciu	śliznąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśliźnięć	śliznąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieślniąca	ślnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślniącą	ślnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślniącego	ślnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślniącego	ślnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślniącej	ślnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślniącemu	ślnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślniące	ślnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślniące	ślnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślniących	ślnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślniących	ślnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślniącymi	ślnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślniącym	ślnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślniącym	ślnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślniący	ślnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślniący	ślnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślniący	ślnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślnieniach	ślnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnieniami	ślnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnienia	ślnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnienia	ślnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnieniem	ślnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnienie	ślnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnieniom	ślnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnieniu	ślnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślnień	ślnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiąca	ślubić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącą	ślubić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącego	ślubić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącego	ślubić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącej	ślubić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącemu	ślubić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiące	ślubić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiące	ślubić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiących	ślubić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślubiących	ślubić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącymi	ślubić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącym	ślubić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiącym	ślubić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiący	ślubić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślubiący	ślubić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślubiący	ślubić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślubieniach	ślubić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubieniami	ślubić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubienia	ślubić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubienia	ślubić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubieniem	ślubić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubienie	ślubić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubieniom	ślubić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubieni	ślubić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślubieniu	ślubić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubień	ślubić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiona	ślubić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubioną	ślubić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubionego	ślubić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślubionego	ślubić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubionej	ślubić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubionemu	ślubić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubione	ślubić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubione	ślubić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubionych	ślubić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślubionych	ślubić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubionymi	ślubić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubionym	ślubić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubionym	ślubić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubiony	ślubić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślubiony	ślubić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieślubowana	ślubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowaną	ślubować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanego	ślubować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanego	ślubować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanej	ślubować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanemu	ślubować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowane	ślubować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowane	ślubować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowaniach	ślubować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowaniami	ślubować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowania	ślubować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowania	ślubować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowaniem	ślubować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanie	ślubować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowaniom	ślubować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowani	ślubować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowaniu	ślubować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanych	ślubować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanych	ślubować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanymi	ślubować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanym	ślubować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowanym	ślubować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowany	ślubować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowany	ślubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubowań	ślubować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf.perf:neg		
nieślubująca	ślubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubującą	ślubować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubującego	ślubować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieślubującego	ślubować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubującej	ślubować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieślubującemu	ślubować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubujące	ślubować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubujące	ślubować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieślubujących	ślubować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślubujących	ślubować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubującymi	ślubować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubującym	ślubować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubującym	ślubować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieślubujący	ślubować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieślubujący	ślubować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieślubujący	ślubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaceniach	śluzowacieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaceniami	śluzowacieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowacenia	śluzowacieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowacenia	śluzowacieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaceniem	śluzowacieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowacenie	śluzowacieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaceniom	śluzowacieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaceniu	śluzowacieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaceń	śluzowacieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejąca	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącą	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącego	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącego	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącej	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącemu	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejące	śluzowacieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejące	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejących	śluzowacieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejących	śluzowacieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącymi	śluzowacieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącym	śluzowacieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejącym	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejący	śluzowacieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejący	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaciejący	śluzowacieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowana	śluzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaną	śluzować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanego	śluzować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanego	śluzować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanej	śluzować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanemu	śluzować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowane	śluzować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowane	śluzować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaniach	śluzować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaniami	śluzować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowania	śluzować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowania	śluzować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaniem	śluzować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanie	śluzować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaniom	śluzować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowani	śluzować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowaniu	śluzować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanych	śluzować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanych	śluzować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanymi	śluzować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanym	śluzować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowanym	śluzować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowany	śluzować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowany	śluzować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśluzowań	śluzować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzująca	śluzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującą	śluzować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującego	śluzować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującego	śluzować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującej	śluzować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującemu	śluzować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzujące	śluzować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzujące	śluzować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzujących	śluzować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśluzujących	śluzować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującymi	śluzować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującym	śluzować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzującym	śluzować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśluzujący	śluzować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśluzujący	śluzować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśluzujący	śluzować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmianiach	śmiać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmianiami	śmiać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiania	śmiać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiania	śmiać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmianiem	śmiać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmianie	śmiać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmianiom	śmiać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmianiu	śmiać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiań	śmiać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejąca	śmiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącą	śmiać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącego	śmiać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącego	śmiać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącej	śmiać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącemu	śmiać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejące	śmiać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejące	śmiać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejących	śmiać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejących	śmiać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącymi	śmiać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącym	śmiać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącym	śmiać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejący	śmiać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejący	śmiać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejący	śmiać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnąca	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącą	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącego	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącego	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącej	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącemu	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnące	śmiardnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnące	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnących	śmiardnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnących	śmiardnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącymi	śmiardnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącym	śmiardnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnącym	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnący	śmiardnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnący	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnący	śmiardnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięciach	śmiardnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięciami	śmiardnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięcia	śmiardnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięcia	śmiardnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięciem	śmiardnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięcie	śmiardnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięciom	śmiardnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięciu	śmiardnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiardnięć	śmiardnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecąca	śmiecić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącą	śmiecić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącego	śmiecić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącego	śmiecić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącej	śmiecić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącemu	śmiecić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecące	śmiecić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecące	śmiecić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecących	śmiecić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecących	śmiecić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącymi	śmiecić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącym	śmiecić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecącym	śmiecić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecący	śmiecić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecący	śmiecić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecący	śmiecić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmieceniach	śmiecić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieceniami	śmiecić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecenia	śmiecić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecenia	śmiecić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieceniem	śmiecić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiecenie	śmiecić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieceniom	śmiecić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieceniu	śmiecić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieceń	śmiecić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiąca	śmieć:v	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącą	śmieć:v	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącego	śmieć:v	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącego	śmieć:v	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącej	śmieć:v	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącemu	śmieć:v	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiące	śmieć:v	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiące	śmieć:v	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiących	śmieć:v	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiących	śmieć:v	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącymi	śmieć:v	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącym	śmieć:v	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiącym	śmieć:v	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiący	śmieć:v	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiący	śmieć:v	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiący	śmieć:v	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejąca	śmieć:v	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącą	śmieć:v	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącego	śmieć:v	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącego	śmieć:v	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącej	śmieć:v	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącemu	śmieć:v	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejące	śmieć:v	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejące	śmieć:v	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejących	śmieć:v	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejących	śmieć:v	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącymi	śmieć:v	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącym	śmieć:v	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejącym	śmieć:v	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejący	śmieć:v	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejący	śmieć:v	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiejący	śmieć:v	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmieniach	śmieć:v	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieniami	śmieć:v	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmienia	śmieć:v	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmienia	śmieć:v	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieniem	śmieć:v	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmienie	śmieć:v	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieniom	śmieć:v	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieniu	śmieć:v	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmień	śmieć:v	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnąca	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącą	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącego	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącego	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącej	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącemu	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnące	śmierdnąć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnące	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnących	śmierdnąć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnących	śmierdnąć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącymi	śmierdnąć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącym	śmierdnąć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnącym	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnący	śmierdnąć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnący	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnący	śmierdnąć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięciach	śmierdnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięciami	śmierdnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięcia	śmierdnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięcia	śmierdnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięciem	śmierdnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięcie	śmierdnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięciom	śmierdnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięciu	śmierdnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdnięć	śmierdnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdząca	śmierdzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącą	śmierdzić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącego	śmierdzić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącego	śmierdzić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącej	śmierdzić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącemu	śmierdzić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzące	śmierdzić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzące	śmierdzić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzących	śmierdzić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzących	śmierdzić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącymi	śmierdzić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącym	śmierdzić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącym	śmierdzić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzący	śmierdzić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzący	śmierdzić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzący	śmierdzić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniach	śmierdzić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniami	śmierdzić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzenia	śmierdzić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzenia	śmierdzić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniem	śmierdzić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzenie	śmierdzić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniom	śmierdzić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniu	śmierdzić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeń	śmierdzić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdząca	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącą	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącego	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącego	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącej	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącemu	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzące	śmierdzieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzące	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzących	śmierdzieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzących	śmierdzieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącymi	śmierdzieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącym	śmierdzieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzącym	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzący	śmierdzieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzący	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzący	śmierdzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniach	śmierdzieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniami	śmierdzieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzenia	śmierdzieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzenia	śmierdzieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniem	śmierdzieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzenie	śmierdzieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniom	śmierdzieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeniu	śmierdzieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierdzeń	śmierdzieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierząca	śmierzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącą	śmierzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącego	śmierzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącego	śmierzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącej	śmierzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącemu	śmierzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzące	śmierzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzące	śmierzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzących	śmierzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzących	śmierzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącymi	śmierzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącym	śmierzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzącym	śmierzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzący	śmierzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzący	śmierzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzący	śmierzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzeniach	śmierzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzeniami	śmierzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzenia	śmierzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzenia	śmierzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzeniem	śmierzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzenie	śmierzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzeniom	śmierzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzeni	śmierzyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzeniu	śmierzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzeń	śmierzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzona	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzoną	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonego	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonego	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonej	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonemu	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzone	śmierzyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzone	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonych	śmierzyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonych	śmierzyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonymi	śmierzyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonym	śmierzyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzonym	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzony	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmierzony	śmierzyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiesząca	śmieszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącą	śmieszyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącego	śmieszyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącego	śmieszyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącej	śmieszyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącemu	śmieszyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszące	śmieszyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszące	śmieszyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszących	śmieszyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszących	śmieszyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącymi	śmieszyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącym	śmieszyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszącym	śmieszyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszący	śmieszyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszący	śmieszyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszący	śmieszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszeniach	śmieszyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszeniami	śmieszyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszenia	śmieszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszenia	śmieszyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszeniem	śmieszyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszenie	śmieszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszeniom	śmieszyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszeni	śmieszyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszeniu	śmieszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszeń	śmieszyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszona	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszoną	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonego	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonego	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonej	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonemu	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszone	śmieszyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszone	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonych	śmieszyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonych	śmieszyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonymi	śmieszyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonym	śmieszyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszonym	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszony	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmieszony	śmieszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmigająca	śmigać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającą	śmigać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającego	śmigać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającego	śmigać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającej	śmigać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającemu	śmigać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigające	śmigać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigające	śmigać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigających	śmigać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmigających	śmigać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającymi	śmigać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającym	śmigać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigającym	śmigać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigający	śmigać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśmigający	śmigać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmigający	śmigać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśmiganiach	śmigać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiganiami	śmigać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigania	śmigać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigania	śmigać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiganiem	śmigać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiganie	śmigać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiganiom	śmigać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmiganiu	śmigać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmigań	śmigać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśmignięciach	śmignąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięciami	śmignąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięcia	śmignąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięcia	śmignąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięciem	śmignąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięcie	śmignąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięciom	śmignąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięciu	śmignąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieśmignięć	śmignąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieśniadająca	śniadać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającą	śniadać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającego	śniadać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającego	śniadać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającej	śniadać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającemu	śniadać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadające	śniadać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadające	śniadać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadających	śniadać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśniadających	śniadać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającymi	śniadać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającym	śniadać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadającym	śniadać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadający	śniadać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśniadający	śniadać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśniadający	śniadać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśniadaniach	śniadać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadaniami	śniadać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadania	śniadać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadania	śniadać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadaniem	śniadać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadanie	śniadać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadaniom	śniadać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadaniu	śniadać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniadań	śniadać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniąca	śnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniącą	śnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniącego	śnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśniącego	śnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniącej	śnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniącemu	śnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniące	śnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniące	śnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniących	śnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśniących	śnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniącymi	śnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniącym	śnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniącym	śnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniący	śnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśniący	śnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśniący	śnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśnieniach	śnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieniami	śnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnienia	śnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnienia	śnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieniem	śnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnienie	śnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieniom	śnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieni	śnić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśnieniu	śnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnień	śnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniona	śnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśnioną	śnić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśnionego	śnić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśnionego	śnić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnionej	śnić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśnionemu	śnić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnione	śnić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnione	śnić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnionych	śnić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśnionych	śnić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnionymi	śnić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnionym	śnić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnionym	śnić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniony	śnić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśniony	śnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzeniach	śniedzieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzeniami	śniedzieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzenia	śniedzieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzenia	śniedzieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzeniem	śniedzieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzenie	śniedzieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzeniom	śniedzieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzeniu	śniedzieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedzeń	śniedzieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejąca	śniedzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącą	śniedzieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącego	śniedzieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącego	śniedzieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącej	śniedzieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącemu	śniedzieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejące	śniedzieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejące	śniedzieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejących	śniedzieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejących	śniedzieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącymi	śniedzieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącym	śniedzieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejącym	śniedzieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejący	śniedzieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejący	śniedzieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśniedziejący	śniedzieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżąca	śnieżyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącą	śnieżyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącego	śnieżyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącego	śnieżyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącej	śnieżyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącemu	śnieżyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżące	śnieżyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżące	śnieżyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżących	śnieżyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżących	śnieżyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącymi	śnieżyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącym	śnieżyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżącym	śnieżyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżący	śnieżyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżący	śnieżyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżący	śnieżyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżeniach	śnieżyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżeniami	śnieżyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżenia	śnieżyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżenia	śnieżyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżeniem	śnieżyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżenie	śnieżyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżeniom	śnieżyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżeniu	śnieżyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśnieżeń	śnieżyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszająca	śpieszać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającą	śpieszać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającego	śpieszać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającego	śpieszać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającej	śpieszać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającemu	śpieszać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszające	śpieszać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszające	śpieszać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszających	śpieszać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszających	śpieszać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającymi	śpieszać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającym	śpieszać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszającym	śpieszać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszający	śpieszać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszający	śpieszać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszający	śpieszać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszana	śpieszać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszaną	śpieszać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanego	śpieszać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanego	śpieszać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanej	śpieszać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanemu	śpieszać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszane	śpieszać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszane	śpieszać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszaniach	śpieszać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszaniami	śpieszać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszania	śpieszać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszania	śpieszać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszaniem	śpieszać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanie	śpieszać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszaniom	śpieszać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszani	śpieszać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszaniu	śpieszać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanych	śpieszać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanych	śpieszać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanymi	śpieszać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanym	śpieszać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszanym	śpieszać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszany	śpieszać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszany	śpieszać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszań	śpieszać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiesząca	śpieszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącą	śpieszyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącego	śpieszyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącego	śpieszyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącej	śpieszyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącemu	śpieszyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszące	śpieszyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszące	śpieszyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszących	śpieszyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszących	śpieszyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącymi	śpieszyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącym	śpieszyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszącym	śpieszyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszący	śpieszyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszący	śpieszyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszący	śpieszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszeniach	śpieszyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszeniami	śpieszyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszenia	śpieszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszenia	śpieszyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszeniem	śpieszyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszenie	śpieszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszeniom	śpieszyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszeni	śpieszyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszeniu	śpieszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszeń	śpieszyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszona	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszoną	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonego	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonego	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonej	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonemu	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszone	śpieszyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszone	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonych	śpieszyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonych	śpieszyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonymi	śpieszyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonym	śpieszyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszonym	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszony	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpieszony	śpieszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewająca	śpiewać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającą	śpiewać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającego	śpiewać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającego	śpiewać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającej	śpiewać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającemu	śpiewać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewające	śpiewać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewające	śpiewać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewających	śpiewać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewających	śpiewać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającymi	śpiewać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającym	śpiewać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewającym	śpiewać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewający	śpiewać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewający	śpiewać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewający	śpiewać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewana	śpiewać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewaną	śpiewać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanego	śpiewać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanego	śpiewać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanej	śpiewać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanemu	śpiewać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewane	śpiewać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewane	śpiewać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewaniach	śpiewać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewaniami	śpiewać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewania	śpiewać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewania	śpiewać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewaniem	śpiewać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanie	śpiewać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewaniom	śpiewać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewani	śpiewać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewaniu	śpiewać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanych	śpiewać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanych	śpiewać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanymi	śpiewać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanym	śpiewać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewanym	śpiewać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewany	śpiewać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewany	śpiewać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewań	śpiewać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywająca	śpiewywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającą	śpiewywać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającego	śpiewywać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającego	śpiewywać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającej	śpiewywać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającemu	śpiewywać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywające	śpiewywać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywające	śpiewywać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywających	śpiewywać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywających	śpiewywać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającymi	śpiewywać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającym	śpiewywać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywającym	śpiewywać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywający	śpiewywać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywający	śpiewywać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywający	śpiewywać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywana	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywaną	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanego	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanego	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanej	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanemu	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywane	śpiewywać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywane	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywaniach	śpiewywać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywaniami	śpiewywać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywania	śpiewywać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywania	śpiewywać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywaniem	śpiewywać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanie	śpiewywać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywaniom	śpiewywać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywani	śpiewywać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywaniu	śpiewywać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanych	śpiewywać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanych	śpiewywać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanymi	śpiewywać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanym	śpiewywać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywanym	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywany	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywany	śpiewywać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśpiewywań	śpiewywać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowana	środkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowaną	środkować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanego	środkować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanego	środkować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanej	środkować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanemu	środkować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowane	środkować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowane	środkować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowaniach	środkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowaniami	środkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowania	środkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowania	środkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowaniem	środkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanie	środkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowaniom	środkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowani	środkować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowaniu	środkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanych	środkować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanych	środkować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanymi	środkować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanym	środkować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowanym	środkować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowany	środkować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowany	środkować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkowań	środkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkująca	środkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującą	środkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującego	środkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującego	środkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującej	środkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującemu	środkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkujące	środkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkujące	środkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkujących	środkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkujących	środkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującymi	środkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującym	środkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkującym	środkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkujący	środkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkujący	środkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrodkujący	środkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowaniach	śrubkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowaniami	śrubkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowania	śrubkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowania	śrubkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowaniem	śrubkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowanie	śrubkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowaniom	śrubkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowaniu	śrubkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkowań	śrubkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkująca	śrubkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującą	śrubkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującego	śrubkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującego	śrubkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującej	śrubkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującemu	śrubkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkujące	śrubkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkujące	śrubkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkujących	śrubkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkujących	śrubkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującymi	śrubkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującym	śrubkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkującym	śrubkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkujący	śrubkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkujący	śrubkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrubkujący	śrubkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowana	śrubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowaną	śrubować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanego	śrubować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanego	śrubować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanej	śrubować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanemu	śrubować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowane	śrubować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowane	śrubować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowaniach	śrubować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowaniami	śrubować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowania	śrubować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowania	śrubować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowaniem	śrubować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanie	śrubować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowaniom	śrubować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowani	śrubować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowaniu	śrubować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanych	śrubować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanych	śrubować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanymi	śrubować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanym	śrubować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowanym	śrubować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowany	śrubować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowany	śrubować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrubowań	śrubować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubująca	śrubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującą	śrubować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującego	śrubować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującego	śrubować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującej	śrubować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującemu	śrubować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubujące	śrubować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubujące	śrubować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubujących	śrubować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrubujących	śrubować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującymi	śrubować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującym	śrubować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubującym	śrubować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrubujący	śrubować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrubujący	śrubować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrubujący	śrubować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowana	śrutować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowaną	śrutować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanego	śrutować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanego	śrutować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanej	śrutować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanemu	śrutować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowane	śrutować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowane	śrutować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowaniach	śrutować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowaniami	śrutować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowania	śrutować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowania	śrutować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowaniem	śrutować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanie	śrutować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowaniom	śrutować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowani	śrutować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowaniu	śrutować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanych	śrutować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanych	śrutować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanymi	śrutować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanym	śrutować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowanym	śrutować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowany	śrutować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowany	śrutować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrutowań	śrutować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutująca	śrutować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującą	śrutować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującego	śrutować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującego	śrutować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującej	śrutować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującemu	śrutować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutujące	śrutować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutujące	śrutować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutujących	śrutować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrutujących	śrutować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującymi	śrutować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującym	śrutować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutującym	śrutować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrutujący	śrutować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrutujący	śrutować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrutujący	śrutować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowaniach	śrzodkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowaniami	śrzodkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowania	śrzodkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowania	śrzodkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowaniem	śrzodkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowanie	śrzodkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowaniom	śrzodkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowaniu	śrzodkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkowań	śrzodkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkująca	śrzodkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującą	śrzodkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującego	śrzodkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującego	śrzodkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującej	śrzodkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującemu	śrzodkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkujące	śrzodkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkujące	śrzodkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkujących	śrzodkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkujących	śrzodkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującymi	śrzodkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującym	śrzodkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkującym	śrzodkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkujący	śrzodkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkujący	śrzodkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieśrzodkujący	śrzodkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświadcząca	świadczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącą	świadczyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącego	świadczyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącego	świadczyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącej	świadczyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącemu	świadczyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczące	świadczyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczące	świadczyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczących	świadczyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświadczących	świadczyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącymi	świadczyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącym	świadczyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczącym	świadczyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczący	świadczyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświadczący	świadczyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświadczący	świadczyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświadczeniach	świadczyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczeniami	świadczyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczenia	świadczyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczenia	świadczyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczeniem	świadczyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczenie	świadczyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczeniom	świadczyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczeni	świadczyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświadczeniu	świadczyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczeń	świadczyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczona	świadczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadczoną	świadczyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonego	świadczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonego	świadczyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonej	świadczyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonemu	świadczyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczone	świadczyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczone	świadczyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonych	świadczyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonych	świadczyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonymi	świadczyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonym	świadczyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczonym	świadczyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadczony	świadczyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświadczony	świadczyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowaniach	świadkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowaniami	świadkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowania	świadkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowania	świadkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowaniem	świadkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowanie	świadkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowaniom	świadkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowaniu	świadkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkowań	świadkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkująca	świadkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującą	świadkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującego	świadkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującego	świadkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującej	świadkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującemu	świadkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkujące	świadkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkujące	świadkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkujących	świadkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświadkujących	świadkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującymi	świadkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującym	świadkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkującym	świadkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświadkujący	świadkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświadkujący	świadkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświadkujący	świadkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowaniach	świątkować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowaniami	świątkować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowania	świątkować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowania	świątkować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowaniem	świątkować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowanie	świątkować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowaniom	świątkować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowaniu	świątkować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkowań	świątkować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkująca	świątkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującą	świątkować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującego	świątkować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującego	świątkować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującej	świątkować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującemu	świątkować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkujące	świątkować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkujące	świątkować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkujących	świątkować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświątkujących	świątkować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującymi	świątkować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującym	świątkować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkującym	świątkować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświątkujący	świątkować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświątkujący	świątkować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświątkujący	świątkować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowana	świdrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowaną	świdrować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanego	świdrować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanego	świdrować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanej	świdrować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanemu	świdrować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowane	świdrować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowane	świdrować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowaniach	świdrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowaniami	świdrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowania	świdrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowania	świdrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowaniem	świdrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanie	świdrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowaniom	świdrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowani	świdrować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowaniu	świdrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanych	świdrować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanych	świdrować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanymi	świdrować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanym	świdrować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowanym	świdrować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowany	świdrować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowany	świdrować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświdrowań	świdrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrująca	świdrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującą	świdrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującego	świdrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującego	świdrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującej	świdrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującemu	świdrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrujące	świdrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrujące	świdrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrujących	świdrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświdrujących	świdrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującymi	świdrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującym	świdrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrującym	świdrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrujący	świdrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświdrujący	świdrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświdrujący	świdrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświdrząca	świdrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącą	świdrzyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącego	świdrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącego	świdrzyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącej	świdrzyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącemu	świdrzyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzące	świdrzyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzące	świdrzyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzących	świdrzyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzących	świdrzyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącymi	świdrzyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącym	świdrzyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzącym	świdrzyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzący	świdrzyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzący	świdrzyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzący	świdrzyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzeniach	świdrzyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzeniami	świdrzyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzenia	świdrzyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzenia	świdrzyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzeniem	świdrzyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzenie	świdrzyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzeniom	świdrzyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzeniu	świdrzyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświdrzeń	świdrzyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejąca	świecczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącą	świecczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącego	świecczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącego	świecczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącej	świecczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącemu	świecczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejące	świecczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejące	świecczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejących	świecczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejących	świecczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącymi	świecczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącym	świecczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejącym	świecczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejący	świecczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejący	świecczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświecczejący	świecczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświecczeniach	świecczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczeniami	świecczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczenia	świecczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczenia	świecczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczeniem	świecczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczenie	świecczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczeniom	świecczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczeniu	świecczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecczeń	świecczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtająca	świechtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającą	świechtać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającego	świechtać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającego	świechtać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającej	świechtać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającemu	świechtać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtające	świechtać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtające	świechtać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtających	świechtać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświechtających	świechtać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającymi	świechtać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającym	świechtać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtającym	świechtać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtający	świechtać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświechtający	świechtać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświechtający	świechtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświechtana	świechtać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświechtaną	świechtać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanego	świechtać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanego	świechtać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanej	świechtać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanemu	świechtać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtane	świechtać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtane	świechtać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtaniach	świechtać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtaniami	świechtać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtania	świechtać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtania	świechtać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtaniem	świechtać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanie	świechtać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtaniom	świechtać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtani	świechtać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświechtaniu	świechtać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanych	świechtać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanych	świechtać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanymi	świechtać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanym	świechtać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtanym	świechtać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświechtany	świechtać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświechtany	świechtać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświechtań	świechtać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecąca	świecić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecącą	świecić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecącego	świecić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświecącego	świecić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecącej	świecić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecącemu	świecić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecące	świecić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecące	świecić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecących	świecić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecących	świecić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecącymi	świecić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecącym	świecić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecącym	świecić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecący	świecić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecący	świecić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświecący	świecić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświeceniach	świecić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeceniami	świecić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecenia	świecić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecenia	świecić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeceniem	świecić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecenie	świecić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeceniom	świecić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeceniu	świecić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeceń	świecić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowana	świecować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecowaną	świecować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanego	świecować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanego	świecować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanej	świecować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanemu	świecować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowane	świecować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowane	świecować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowaniach	świecować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowaniami	świecować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowania	świecować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowania	świecować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowaniem	świecować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanie	świecować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowaniom	świecować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowani	świecować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecowaniu	świecować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanych	świecować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanych	świecować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanymi	świecować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanym	świecować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowanym	świecować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecowany	świecować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświecowany	świecować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświecowań	świecować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecująca	świecować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecującą	świecować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecującego	świecować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświecującego	świecować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecującej	świecować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświecującemu	świecować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecujące	świecować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecujące	świecować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświecujących	świecować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecujących	świecować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecującymi	świecować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecującym	świecować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecującym	świecować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświecujący	świecować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświecujący	świecować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświecujący	świecować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświegocąca	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącą	świegotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącego	świegotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącego	świegotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącej	świegotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącemu	świegotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocące	świegotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocące	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocących	świegotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświegocących	świegotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącymi	świegotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącym	świegotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocącym	świegotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegocący	świegotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświegocący	świegotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświegocący	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświegocząca	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącą	świegotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącego	świegotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącego	świegotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącej	świegotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącemu	świegotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczące	świegotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczące	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczących	świegotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczących	świegotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącymi	świegotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącym	świegotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczącym	świegotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczący	świegotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczący	świegotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświegoczący	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświegotająca	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającą	świegotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającego	świegotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającego	świegotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającej	świegotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającemu	świegotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotające	świegotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotające	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotających	świegotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotających	świegotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającymi	świegotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającym	świegotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotającym	świegotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotający	świegotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotający	świegotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotający	świegotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświegotaniach	świegotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotaniami	świegotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotania	świegotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotania	świegotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotaniem	świegotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotanie	świegotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotaniom	świegotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotaniu	świegotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświegotań	świegotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświercząca	świerczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącą	świerczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącego	świerczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącego	świerczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącej	świerczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącemu	świerczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczące	świerczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczące	świerczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczących	świerczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerczących	świerczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącymi	świerczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącym	świerczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczącym	świerczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczący	świerczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerczący	świerczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerczący	świerczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerczeniach	świerczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczeniami	świerczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczenia	świerczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczenia	świerczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczeniem	świerczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczenie	świerczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczeniom	świerczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczeniu	świerczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerczeń	świerczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoląca	świergolić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącą	świergolić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącego	świergolić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącego	świergolić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącej	świergolić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącemu	świergolić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolące	świergolić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolące	świergolić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolących	świergolić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświergolących	świergolić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącymi	świergolić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącym	świergolić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolącym	świergolić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolący	świergolić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświergolący	świergolić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświergolący	świergolić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświergoleniach	świergolić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoleniami	świergolić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolenia	świergolić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolenia	świergolić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoleniem	świergolić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergolenie	świergolić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoleniom	świergolić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoleniu	świergolić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoleń	świergolić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocąca	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącą	świergotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącego	świergotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącego	świergotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącej	świergotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącemu	świergotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocące	świergotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocące	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocących	świergotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświergocących	świergotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącymi	świergotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącym	świergotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocącym	świergotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergocący	świergotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświergocący	świergotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświergocący	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświergocząca	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącą	świergotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącego	świergotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącego	świergotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącej	świergotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącemu	świergotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczące	świergotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczące	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczących	świergotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczących	świergotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącymi	świergotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącym	świergotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczącym	świergotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczący	świergotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczący	świergotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświergoczący	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświergotająca	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającą	świergotać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającego	świergotać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającego	świergotać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającej	świergotać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającemu	świergotać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotające	świergotać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotające	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotających	świergotać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotających	świergotać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającymi	świergotać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającym	świergotać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotającym	świergotać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotający	świergotać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotający	świergotać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotający	świergotać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		rzad.
nieświergotaniach	świergotać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotaniami	świergotać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotania	świergotać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotania	świergotać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotaniem	świergotać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotanie	świergotać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotaniom	świergotać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotaniu	świergotać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświergotań	świergotać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkająca	świerkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającą	świerkać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającego	świerkać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającego	świerkać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającej	świerkać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającemu	świerkać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkające	świerkać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkające	świerkać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkających	świerkać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerkających	świerkać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającymi	świerkać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającym	świerkać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkającym	świerkać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkający	świerkać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerkający	świerkać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerkający	świerkać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerkaniach	świerkać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkaniami	świerkać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkania	świerkać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkania	świerkać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkaniem	świerkać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkanie	świerkać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkaniom	świerkać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkaniu	świerkać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerkań	świerkać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięciach	świerknąć:v1	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięciami	świerknąć:v1	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięcia	świerknąć:v1	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięcia	świerknąć:v1	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięciem	świerknąć:v1	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięcie	świerknąć:v1	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięciom	świerknąć:v1	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięciu	świerknąć:v1	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknięć	świerknąć:v1	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieświerknąca	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącą	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącego	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącego	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącej	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącemu	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknące	świerknąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknące	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknących	świerknąć:v2	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerknących	świerknąć:v2	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącymi	świerknąć:v2	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącym	świerknąć:v2	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknącym	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknący	świerknąć:v2	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerknący	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerknący	świerknąć:v2	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięciach	świerknąć:v2	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięciami	świerknąć:v2	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięcia	świerknąć:v2	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięcia	świerknąć:v2	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięciem	świerknąć:v2	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięcie	świerknąć:v2	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięciom	świerknąć:v2	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięciu	świerknąć:v2	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerknięć	świerknąć:v2	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiąca	świerzbić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącą	świerzbić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącego	świerzbić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącego	świerzbić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącej	świerzbić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącemu	świerzbić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiące	świerzbić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiące	świerzbić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiących	świerzbić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiących	świerzbić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącymi	świerzbić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącym	świerzbić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącym	świerzbić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiący	świerzbić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiący	świerzbić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiący	świerzbić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniach	świerzbić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniami	świerzbić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbienia	świerzbić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbienia	świerzbić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniem	świerzbić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbienie	świerzbić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniom	świerzbić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniu	świerzbić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbień	świerzbić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiąca	świerzbieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącą	świerzbieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącego	świerzbieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącego	świerzbieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącej	świerzbieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącemu	świerzbieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiące	świerzbieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiące	świerzbieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiących	świerzbieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiących	świerzbieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącymi	świerzbieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącym	świerzbieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiącym	świerzbieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiący	świerzbieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiący	świerzbieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbiący	świerzbieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniach	świerzbieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniami	świerzbieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbienia	świerzbieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbienia	świerzbieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniem	świerzbieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbienie	świerzbieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniom	świerzbieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbieniu	świerzbieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświerzbień	świerzbieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejąca	świetleć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącą	świetleć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącego	świetleć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącego	świetleć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącej	świetleć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącemu	świetleć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejące	świetleć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejące	świetleć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejących	świetleć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejących	świetleć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącymi	świetleć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącym	świetleć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejącym	świetleć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejący	świetleć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejący	świetleć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetlejący	świetleć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniach	świetleć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniami	świetleć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlenia	świetleć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlenia	świetleć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniem	świetleć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlenie	świetleć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniom	świetleć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniu	świetleć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleń	świetleć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetląca	świetlić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącą	świetlić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącego	świetlić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącego	świetlić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącej	świetlić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącemu	świetlić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlące	świetlić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlące	świetlić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlących	świetlić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetlących	świetlić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącymi	świetlić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącym	świetlić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlącym	świetlić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlący	świetlić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetlący	świetlić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetlący	świetlić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniach	świetlić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniami	świetlić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlenia	świetlić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlenia	świetlić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniem	świetlić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetlenie	świetlić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniom	świetlić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleniu	świetlić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetleń	świetlić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniąca	świetnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącą	świetnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącego	świetnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącego	świetnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącej	świetnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącemu	świetnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniące	świetnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniące	świetnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniących	świetnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetniących	świetnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącymi	świetnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącym	świetnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniącym	świetnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniący	świetnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetniący	świetnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetniący	świetnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniach	świetnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniami	świetnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnienia	świetnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnienia	świetnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniem	świetnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnienie	świetnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniom	świetnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieni	świetnić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniu	świetnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnień	świetnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniona	świetnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetnioną	świetnić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionego	świetnić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionego	świetnić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionej	świetnić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionemu	świetnić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnione	świetnić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnione	świetnić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionych	świetnić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionych	świetnić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionymi	świetnić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionym	świetnić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnionym	świetnić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniony	świetnić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetniony	świetnić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejąca	świetnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącą	świetnieć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącego	świetnieć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącego	świetnieć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącej	świetnieć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącemu	świetnieć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejące	świetnieć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejące	świetnieć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejących	świetnieć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejących	świetnieć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącymi	świetnieć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącym	świetnieć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejącym	świetnieć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejący	świetnieć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejący	świetnieć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetniejący	świetnieć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniach	świetnieć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniami	świetnieć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnienia	świetnieć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnienia	świetnieć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniem	świetnieć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnienie	świetnieć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniom	świetnieć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnieniu	świetnieć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświetnień	świetnieć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżąca	świeżyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącą	świeżyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącego	świeżyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącego	świeżyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącej	świeżyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącemu	świeżyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżące	świeżyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżące	świeżyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżących	świeżyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświeżących	świeżyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącymi	świeżyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącym	świeżyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżącym	świeżyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżący	świeżyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświeżący	świeżyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświeżący	świeżyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświeżeniach	świeżyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżeniami	świeżyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżenia	świeżyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżenia	świeżyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżeniem	świeżyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżenie	świeżyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżeniom	świeżyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżeniu	świeżyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświeżeń	świeżyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcąca	święcić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącą	święcić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącego	święcić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącego	święcić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącej	święcić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącemu	święcić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcące	święcić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcące	święcić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcących	święcić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświęcących	święcić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącymi	święcić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącym	święcić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcącym	święcić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcący	święcić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświęcący	święcić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświęcący	święcić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświęceniach	święcić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęceniami	święcić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcenia	święcić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcenia	święcić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęceniem	święcić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcenie	święcić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęceniom	święcić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęceni	święcić	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświęceniu	święcić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęceń	święcić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcona	święcić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświęconą	święcić	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświęconego	święcić	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświęconego	święcić	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęconej	święcić	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświęconemu	święcić	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcone	święcić	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcone	święcić	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświęconych	święcić	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświęconych	święcić	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęconymi	święcić	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęconym	święcić	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęconym	święcić	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświęcony	święcić	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświęcony	święcić	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświętowana	świętować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświętowaną	świętować	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanego	świętować	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanego	świętować	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanej	świętować	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanemu	świętować	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowane	świętować	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowane	świętować	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowaniach	świętować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowaniami	świętować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowania	świętować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowania	świętować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowaniem	świętować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanie	świętować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowaniom	świętować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowani	świętować	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświętowaniu	świętować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanych	świętować	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanych	świętować	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanymi	świętować	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanym	świętować	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowanym	świętować	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętowany	świętować	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświętowany	świętować	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświętowań	świętować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętująca	świętować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświętującą	świętować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświętującego	świętować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświętującego	świętować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętującej	świętować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświętującemu	świętować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętujące	świętować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętujące	świętować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświętujących	świętować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświętujących	świętować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętującymi	świętować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętującym	świętować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętującym	świętować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświętujący	świętować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświętujący	świętować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświętujący	świętować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświniąca	świnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświniącą	świnić	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświniącego	świnić	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświniącego	świnić	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświniącej	świnić	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświniącemu	świnić	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświniące	świnić	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświniące	świnić	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświniących	świnić	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświniących	świnić	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświniącymi	świnić	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświniącym	świnić	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświniącym	świnić	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświniący	świnić	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświniący	świnić	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświniący	świnić	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświnieniach	świnić	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnieniami	świnić	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnienia	świnić	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnienia	świnić	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnieniem	świnić	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnienie	świnić	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnieniom	świnić	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnieniu	świnić	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświnień	świnić	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntusząca	świntuszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącą	świntuszyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącego	świntuszyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącego	świntuszyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącej	świntuszyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącemu	świntuszyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszące	świntuszyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszące	świntuszyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszących	świntuszyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszących	świntuszyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącymi	świntuszyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącym	świntuszyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszącym	świntuszyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszący	świntuszyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszący	świntuszyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszący	świntuszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszeniach	świntuszyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszeniami	świntuszyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszenia	świntuszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszenia	świntuszyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszeniem	świntuszyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszenie	świntuszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszeniom	świntuszyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszeni	świntuszyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszeniu	świntuszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszeń	świntuszyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszona	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszoną	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonego	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonego	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonej	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonemu	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszone	świntuszyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszone	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonych	świntuszyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonych	świntuszyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonymi	świntuszyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonym	świntuszyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszonym	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszony	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświntuszony	świntuszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświńtusząca	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącą	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącego	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącego	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącej	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącemu	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszące	świńtuszyć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszące	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszących	świńtuszyć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszących	świńtuszyć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącymi	świńtuszyć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącym	świńtuszyć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszącym	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszący	świńtuszyć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszący	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszący	świńtuszyć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszeniach	świńtuszyć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszeniami	świńtuszyć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszenia	świńtuszyć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszenia	świńtuszyć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszeniem	świńtuszyć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszenie	świńtuszyć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszeniom	świńtuszyć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszeni	świńtuszyć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszeniu	świńtuszyć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszeń	świńtuszyć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszona	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszoną	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonego	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonego	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonej	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonemu	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszone	świńtuszyć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszone	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonych	świńtuszyć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonych	świńtuszyć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonymi	świńtuszyć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonym	świńtuszyć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszonym	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszony	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświńtuszony	świńtuszyć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświrowaniach	świrować	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowaniami	świrować	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowania	świrować	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowania	świrować	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowaniem	świrować	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowanie	świrować	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowaniom	świrować	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowaniu	świrować	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrowań	świrować	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrująca	świrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświrującą	świrować	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświrującego	świrować	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświrującego	świrować	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświrującej	świrować	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświrującemu	świrować	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświrujące	świrować	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświrujące	świrować	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświrujących	świrować	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświrujących	świrować	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświrującymi	świrować	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświrującym	świrować	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświrującym	świrować	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświrujący	świrować	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświrujący	świrować	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświrujący	świrować	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświśnięciach	świsnąć	ger:pl:loc:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięciami	świsnąć	ger:pl:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięcia	świsnąć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięcia	świsnąć	ger:sg:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięciem	świsnąć	ger:sg:inst:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięcie	świsnąć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięciom	świsnąć	ger:pl:dat:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięci	świsnąć	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:perf:neg		
nieświśnięciu	świsnąć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięć	świsnąć	ger:pl:gen:n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięta	świsnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:perf:neg		
nieświśniętą	świsnąć	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:perf:neg		
nieświśniętego	świsnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:perf:neg		
nieświśniętego	świsnąć	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieświśniętej	świsnąć	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:perf:neg		
nieświśniętemu	świsnąć	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięte	świsnąć	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięte	świsnąć	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:perf:neg		
nieświśniętych	świsnąć	ppas:pl:acc:m1:perf:neg		
nieświśniętych	świsnąć	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieświśniętymi	świsnąć	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieświśniętym	świsnąć	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:perf:neg		
nieświśniętym	świsnąć	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:perf:neg		
nieświśnięty	świsnąć	ppas:sg:acc:m3:perf:neg		
nieświśnięty	świsnąć	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:perf:neg		
nieświstająca	świstać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświstającą	świstać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświstającego	świstać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświstającego	świstać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstającej	świstać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświstającemu	świstać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstające	świstać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstające	świstać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstających	świstać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświstających	świstać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstającymi	świstać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstającym	świstać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstającym	świstać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstający	świstać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświstający	świstać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświstający	świstać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświstana	świstać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświstaną	świstać	ppas:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświstanego	świstać	ppas:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświstanego	świstać	ppas:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstanej	świstać	ppas:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświstanemu	świstać	ppas:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstane	świstać	ppas:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstane	świstać	ppas:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstaniach	świstać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstaniami	świstać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstania	świstać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstania	świstać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstaniem	świstać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstanie	świstać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstaniom	świstać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstani	świstać	ppas:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświstaniu	świstać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświstanych	świstać	ppas:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświstanych	świstać	ppas:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstanymi	świstać	ppas:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstanym	świstać	ppas:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstanym	świstać	ppas:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświstany	świstać	ppas:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświstany	świstać	ppas:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświstań	świstać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszcząca	świstać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącą	świstać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącego	świstać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącego	świstać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącej	świstać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącemu	świstać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczące	świstać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczące	świstać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczących	świstać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświszczących	świstać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącymi	świstać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącym	świstać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącym	świstać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczący	świstać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświszczący	świstać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświszczący	świstać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświszcząca	świszczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącą	świszczeć	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącego	świszczeć	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącego	świszczeć	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącej	świszczeć	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącemu	świszczeć	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczące	świszczeć	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczące	świszczeć	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczących	świszczeć	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświszczących	świszczeć	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącymi	świszczeć	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącym	świszczeć	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczącym	świszczeć	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczący	świszczeć	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświszczący	świszczeć	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświszczący	świszczeć	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświszczeniach	świszczeć	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczeniami	świszczeć	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczenia	świszczeć	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczenia	świszczeć	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczeniem	świszczeć	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczenie	świszczeć	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczeniom	świszczeć	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczeniu	świszczeć	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświszczeń	świszczeć	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtająca	świtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświtającą	świtać	pact:sg:acc.inst:f:imperf:neg		
nieświtającego	świtać	pact:sg:acc:m1.m2:imperf:neg		
nieświtającego	świtać	pact:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświtającej	świtać	pact:sg:gen.dat.loc:f:imperf:neg		
nieświtającemu	świtać	pact:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświtające	świtać	pact:pl:nom.acc.voc:m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświtające	świtać	pact:sg:nom.acc.voc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtających	świtać	pact:pl:acc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświtających	świtać	pact:pl:gen.loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświtającymi	świtać	pact:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświtającym	świtać	pact:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:imperf:neg		
nieświtającym	świtać	pact:sg:inst.loc:m1.m2.m3.n:imperf:neg		
nieświtający	świtać	pact:pl:nom.voc:m1:imperf:neg		
nieświtający	świtać	pact:sg:acc:m3:imperf:neg		
nieświtający	świtać	pact:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:imperf:neg		
nieświtaniach	świtać	ger:pl:loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtaniami	świtać	ger:pl:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtania	świtać	ger:pl:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtania	świtać	ger:sg:gen:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtaniem	świtać	ger:sg:inst:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtanie	świtać	ger:sg:nom.acc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtaniom	świtać	ger:pl:dat:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtaniu	świtać	ger:sg:dat.loc:n:imperf:neg		
nieświtań	świtać	ger:pl:gen:n:imperf:neg		
