quadach	quad	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadach	quad	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadami	quad	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadami	quad	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quada	quad	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quada	quad	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quada	quad	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadem	quad	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadem	quad	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadom	quad	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadom	quad	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadowi	quad	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadowi	quad	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadów	quad	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadów	quad	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quad	quad	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quad	quad	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quad	quad	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quady	quad	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quady	quad	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quady	quad	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quady	quad	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quady	quad	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quady	quad	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadzie	quad	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadzie	quad	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadzie	quad	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadzie	quad	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcach	quadowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcami	quadowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowca	quadowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowca	quadowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcem	quadowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowce	quadowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadowce	quadowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcom	quadowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcowi	quadowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowców	quadowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowców	quadowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcu	quadowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcu	quadowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcy	quadowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcy	quadowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowcze	quadowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowiec	quadowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quadowa	quadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
quadową	quadowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
quadową	quadowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
quadowego	quadowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
quadowego	quadowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quadowej	quadowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
quadowej	quadowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
quadowej	quadowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
quadowemu	quadowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quadowe	quadowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
quadowe	quadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
quadowe	quadowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
quadowe	quadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
quadowi	quadowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
quadowo	quadowy	adja		
quadowych	quadowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
quadowych	quadowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quadowych	quadowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quadowymi	quadowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quadowym	quadowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quadowym	quadowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quadowym	quadowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quadowy	quadowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
quadowy	quadowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriennale	quadriennale	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriviach	quadrivium	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriviami	quadrivium	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivia	quadrivium	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivia	quadrivium	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivia	quadrivium	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriviom	quadrivium	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadriviów	quadrivium	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivium	quadrivium	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivium	quadrivium	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivium	quadrivium	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivium	quadrivium	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivium	quadrivium	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivium	quadrivium	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quadrivium	quadrivium	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantach	quantum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantami	quantum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quanta	quantum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quanta	quantum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quanta	quantum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantom	quantum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantów	quantum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantum	quantum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantum	quantum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantum	quantum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantum	quantum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantum	quantum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantum	quantum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quantum	quantum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodach	quasimodo	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodami	quasimodo	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimoda	quasimodo	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quasimoda	quasimodo	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quasimoda	quasimodo	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimoda	quasimodo	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodem	quasimodo	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodom	quasimodo	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodo	quasimodo	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodo	quasimodo	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodowie	quasimodo	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodowie	quasimodo	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodowi	quasimodo	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodów	quasimodo	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodów	quasimodo	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quasimodzie	quasimodo	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocencie	quattrocento	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocentach	quattrocento	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocentami	quattrocento	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocenta	quattrocento	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocenta	quattrocento	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocenta	quattrocento	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocenta	quattrocento	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocentem	quattrocento	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocentom	quattrocento	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocento	quattrocento	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocent	quattrocento	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quattrocentu	quattrocento	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebeccy	quebecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
quebecka	quebecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
quebecką	quebecki	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
quebecką	quebecki	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
quebeckich	quebecki	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
quebeckich	quebecki	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quebeckich	quebecki	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quebeckiego	quebecki	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
quebeckiego	quebecki	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quebeckiej	quebecki	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
quebeckiej	quebecki	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
quebeckiej	quebecki	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
quebeckiemu	quebecki	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quebeckie	quebecki	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
quebeckie	quebecki	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
quebeckie	quebecki	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
quebeckie	quebecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
quebeckimi	quebecki	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quebeckim	quebecki	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quebeckim	quebecki	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quebeckim	quebecki	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quebecki	quebecki	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
quebecki	quebecki	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
quebecko	quebecki	adja		
quebecku	quebecki	adjp		
quebecko	quebecko	adv:pos		
quebeckościach	quebeckość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckościami	quebeckość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckością	quebeckość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckościom	quebeckość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckości	quebeckość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckość	quebeckość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebeckość	quebeckość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
quebrachach	quebracho	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebrachami	quebracho	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebracha	quebracho	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebracha	quebracho	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebracha	quebracho	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebracha	quebracho	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebrachem	quebracho	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebrachom	quebracho	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebracho	quebracho	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebracho	quebracho	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebracho	quebracho	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebrach	quebracho	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebrachu	quebracho	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quebrachu	quebracho	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzalach	quetzal	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzalami	quetzal	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzala	quetzal	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzala	quetzal	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzalem	quetzal	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzale	quetzal	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzale	quetzal	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzale	quetzal	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzali	quetzal	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzalom	quetzal	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzalowi	quetzal	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzal	quetzal	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzalu	quetzal	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quetzalu	quetzal	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’ach	quiche	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’ami	quiche	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’em	quiche	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’e	quiche	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’e	quiche	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’e	quiche	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’om	quiche	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’owi	quiche	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’ów	quiche	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche	quiche	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche	quiche	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’u	quiche	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’u	quiche	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiche’u	quiche	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepach	quickstep	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepami	quickstep	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepa	quickstep	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepa	quickstep	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepem	quickstep	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepie	quickstep	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepie	quickstep	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepom	quickstep	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepowi	quickstep	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepów	quickstep	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstep	quickstep	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepy	quickstep	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepy	quickstep	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quickstepy	quickstep	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quipu	quipu	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quizach	quiz	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizami	quiz	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizem	quiz	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizie	quiz	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizie	quiz	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizom	quiz	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizowi	quiz	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizów	quiz	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiz	quiz	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quiz	quiz	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizu	quiz	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizy	quiz	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizy	quiz	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizy	quiz	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quizowościach	quizowość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowościami	quizowość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowością	quizowość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowościom	quizowość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowości	quizowość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowość	quizowość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowość	quizowość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
quizowa	quizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
quizową	quizowy	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
quizową	quizowy	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
quizowego	quizowy	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
quizowego	quizowy	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quizowej	quizowy	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
quizowej	quizowy	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
quizowej	quizowy	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
quizowemu	quizowy	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quizowe	quizowy	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
quizowe	quizowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
quizowe	quizowy	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
quizowe	quizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
quizowi	quizowy	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
quizowo	quizowy	adja		
quizowych	quizowy	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
quizowych	quizowy	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quizowych	quizowy	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quizowymi	quizowy	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quizowym	quizowy	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
quizowym	quizowy	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quizowym	quizowy	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
quizowy	quizowy	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
quizowy	quizowy	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
qumrańscy	qumrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1.p1:pos		
qumrańska	qumrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
qumrańską	qumrański	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
qumrańską	qumrański	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
qumrańskich	qumrański	adj:pl:acc:m1.p1:pos		
qumrańskich	qumrański	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
qumrańskich	qumrański	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
qumrańskiego	qumrański	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
qumrańskiego	qumrański	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
qumrańskiej	qumrański	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
qumrańskiej	qumrański	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
qumrańskiej	qumrański	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
qumrańskiemu	qumrański	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
qumrańskie	qumrański	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
qumrańskie	qumrański	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p2.p3:pos		
qumrańskie	qumrański	adj:sg:acc:n1.n2:pos		
qumrańskie	qumrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:n1.n2:pos		
qumrańskimi	qumrański	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
qumrańskim	qumrański	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n1.n2.p1.p2.p3:pos		
qumrańskim	qumrański	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
qumrańskim	qumrański	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n1.n2:pos		
qumrański	qumrański	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
qumrański	qumrański	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
qumrańsko	qumrański	adja		
qumrańsku	qumrański	adjp		
qumrańsko	qumrańsko	adv:pos		
qumrańskościach	qumrańskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskościami	qumrańskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskością	qumrańskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskościom	qumrańskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskości	qumrańskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskość	qumrańskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
qumrańskość	qumrańskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibecie	quodlibet	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibecie	quodlibet	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibetach	quodlibet	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibetami	quodlibet	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibetem	quodlibet	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibetom	quodlibet	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibetowi	quodlibet	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibetów	quodlibet	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibet	quodlibet	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibet	quodlibet	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibetu	quodlibet	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibety	quodlibet	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibety	quodlibet	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quodlibety	quodlibet	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
quorach	quorum	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorami	quorum	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quora	quorum	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quora	quorum	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quora	quorum	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorom	quorum	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorów	quorum	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorum	quorum	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorum	quorum	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorum	quorum	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorum	quorum	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorum	quorum	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorum	quorum	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
quorum	quorum	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
