vacacie	vacat	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacacie	vacat	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacatach	vacat	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacatami	vacat	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacatem	vacat	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacatom	vacat	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacatowi	vacat	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacatów	vacat	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacatu	vacat	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacat	vacat	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacat	vacat	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacaty	vacat	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacaty	vacat	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacaty	vacat	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vacherin	vacherin	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vademecach	vademecum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecami	vademecum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademeca	vademecum	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademeca	vademecum	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademeca	vademecum	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecom	vademecum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademeców	vademecum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecum	vademecum	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecum	vademecum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecum	vademecum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecum	vademecum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecum	vademecum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecum	vademecum	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vademecum	vademecum	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicellach	valpolicella	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicellami	valpolicella	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicella	valpolicella	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicellą	valpolicella	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicelle	valpolicella	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicelle	valpolicella	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicelle	valpolicella	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicellę	valpolicella	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicelli	valpolicella	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicelli	valpolicella	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicelli	valpolicella	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicelli	valpolicella	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicellom	valpolicella	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
valpolicello	valpolicella	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
van	van:b	burk		
vanach	van:s	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vanami	van:s	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vana	van:s	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vana	van:s	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vanem	van:s	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vanie	van:s	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vanie	van:s	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vanom	van:s	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vanowi	van:s	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vanów	van:s	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
van	van:s	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vany	van:s	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vany	van:s	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vany	van:s	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vaporetto	vaporetto	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variach	varia	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
variami	varia	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
varia	varia	subst:pl:acc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
varia	varia	subst:pl:nom:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
varia	varia	subst:pl:voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
variom	varia	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
variów	varia	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	książk.
varietes	varietes	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varietes	varietes	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
variétés	variétés	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianach	varsaviana	subst:pl:loc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianami	varsaviana	subst:pl:inst:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
varsaviana	varsaviana	subst:pl:acc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
varsaviana	varsaviana	subst:pl:nom:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
varsaviana	varsaviana	subst:pl:voc:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianom	varsaviana	subst:pl:dat:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianów	varsaviana	subst:pl:gen:n:pt	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistach	varsavianista	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistami	varsavianista	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianista	varsavianista	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistą	varsavianista	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistę	varsavianista	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistom	varsavianista	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianisto	varsavianista	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistów	varsavianista	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistów	varsavianista	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianisty	varsavianista	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianisty	varsavianista	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianisty	varsavianista	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianiście	varsavianista	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianiście	varsavianista	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianiści	varsavianista	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianiści	varsavianista	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistce	varsavianistka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistce	varsavianistka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistek	varsavianistka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistkach	varsavianistka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistkami	varsavianistka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistka	varsavianistka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistką	varsavianistka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistkę	varsavianistka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistki	varsavianistka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistki	varsavianistka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistki	varsavianistka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistki	varsavianistka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistkom	varsavianistka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistko	varsavianistka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyce	varsavianistyka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyce	varsavianistyka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistykach	varsavianistyka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistykami	varsavianistyka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyka	varsavianistyka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyką	varsavianistyka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistykę	varsavianistyka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyki	varsavianistyka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyki	varsavianistyka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyki	varsavianistyka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyki	varsavianistyka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistykom	varsavianistyka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyko	varsavianistyka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
varsavianistyk	varsavianistyka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatermörderach	vatermörder	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderami	vatermörder	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderem	vatermörder	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderom	vatermörder	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderowi	vatermörder	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderów	vatermörder	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderu	vatermörder	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörder	vatermörder	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörder	vatermörder	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermördery	vatermörder	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermördery	vatermörder	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermördery	vatermörder	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderze	vatermörder	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatermörderze	vatermörder	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	daw.
vatowcach	vatowiec	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcami	vatowiec	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowca	vatowiec	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowca	vatowiec	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcem	vatowiec	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowce	vatowiec	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vatowce	vatowiec	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcom	vatowiec	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcowi	vatowiec	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowców	vatowiec	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowców	vatowiec	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcu	vatowiec	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcu	vatowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcy	vatowiec	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcy	vatowiec	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowcze	vatowiec	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowiec	vatowiec	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vatowscy	vatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
vatowska	vatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
vatowską	vatowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
vatowską	vatowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
vatowskich	vatowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
vatowskich	vatowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vatowskich	vatowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vatowskiego	vatowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
vatowskiego	vatowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vatowskiej	vatowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
vatowskiej	vatowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
vatowskiej	vatowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
vatowskiemu	vatowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vatowskie	vatowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vatowskie	vatowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vatowskie	vatowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
vatowskie	vatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
vatowskimi	vatowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vatowskim	vatowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vatowskim	vatowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vatowskim	vatowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vatowski	vatowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
vatowski	vatowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
vatowsko	vatowski	adja		
vatowsku	vatowski	adjp		
vatowsko	vatowsko	adv:pos		
vatowskościach	vatowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskościami	vatowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskością	vatowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskościom	vatowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskości	vatowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskość	vatowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vatowskość	vatowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectrach	vectra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectrami	vectra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectra	vectra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectrą	vectra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectrę	vectra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectrom	vectra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectro	vectra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectr	vectra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectry	vectra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectry	vectra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectry	vectra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectry	vectra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectrze	vectra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vectrze	vectra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetcie	vedetta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetcie	vedetta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedettach	vedetta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedettami	vedetta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetta	vedetta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedettą	vedetta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedettę	vedetta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedettom	vedetta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetto	vedetta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedett	vedetta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetty	vedetta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetty	vedetta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetty	vedetta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vedetty	vedetta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vel	vel	conj		
velariach	velarium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velariami	velarium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velaria	velarium	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velaria	velarium	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velaria	velarium	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velariom	velarium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velariów	velarium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velarium	velarium	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velarium	velarium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velarium	velarium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velarium	velarium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velarium	velarium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velarium	velarium	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
velarium	velarium	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vendetcie	vendetta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendetcie	vendetta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendettach	vendetta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendettami	vendetta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendetta	vendetta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendettą	vendetta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendettę	vendetta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendettom	vendetta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendetto	vendetta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendett	vendetta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendetty	vendetta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendetty	vendetta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendetty	vendetta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vendetty	vendetta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
ventôse	ventôse	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonach	veraikon	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonami	veraikon	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonem	veraikon	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonie	veraikon	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonie	veraikon	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonom	veraikon	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonowi	veraikon	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonów	veraikon	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikonu	veraikon	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikon	veraikon	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikon	veraikon	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikony	veraikon	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikony	veraikon	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
veraikony	veraikon	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verbach	verbum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbami	verbum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verba	verbum	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verba	verbum	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verba	verbum	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbom	verbum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbów	verbum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbum	verbum	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbum	verbum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbum	verbum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbum	verbum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbum	verbum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbum	verbum	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verbum	verbum	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verlanach	verlan	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanami	verlan	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanem	verlan	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanie	verlan	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanie	verlan	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanom	verlan	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanowi	verlan	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanów	verlan	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlanu	verlan	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlan	verlan	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlan	verlan	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlany	verlan	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlany	verlan	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verlany	verlan	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
verso	verso	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
v	versus	brev:pun		
vs	versus	brev:npun		
v	verte	brev:pun		
verticalach	vertical	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticalami	vertical	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticalem	vertical	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticale	vertical	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticale	vertical	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticale	vertical	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticali	vertical	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticalom	vertical	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticalowi	vertical	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticalu	vertical	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticalu	vertical	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
verticalu	vertical	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vertical	vertical	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vertical	vertical	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vecie	veto	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vetach	veto	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vetami	veto	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
veta	veto	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
veta	veto	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
veta	veto	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
veta	veto	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vetem	veto	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vetom	veto	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
veto	veto	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
veto	veto	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
veto	veto	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vetu	veto	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vet	veto	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
via	via	prep:nom		
viagrach	viagra	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagrami	viagra	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagra	viagra	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagrą	viagra	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagrę	viagra	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagrom	viagra	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagro	viagra	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagr	viagra	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagry	viagra	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagry	viagra	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagry	viagra	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagry	viagra	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagrze	viagra	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
viagrze	viagra	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vibracie	vibrato	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibratach	vibrato	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibratami	vibrato	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrata	vibrato	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrata	vibrato	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrata	vibrato	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrata	vibrato	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibratem	vibrato	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibratom	vibrato	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrato	vibrato	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibratu	vibrato	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vibrat	vibrato	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vice	vice	burk		
video	video:a	adja		
video	video:a	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
video	video:a	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
video	video:a	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
video	video:a	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
videach	video:s	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videami	video:s	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videa	video:s	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videa	video:s	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videa	video:s	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videa	video:s	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videem	video:s	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videom	video:s	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
video	video:s	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
video	video:s	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
video	video:s	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
video	video:s	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videów	video:s	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videu	video:s	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
videu	video:s	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	rzad.
vihuelach	vihuela	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuelami	vihuela	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuela	vihuela	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuelą	vihuela	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuele	vihuela	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuele	vihuela	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuele	vihuela	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuelę	vihuela	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihueli	vihuela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.|hom.
vihueli	vihuela	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihueli	vihuela	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihueli	vihuela	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuelom	vihuela	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuelo	vihuela	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vihuel	vihuela	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|muz.
villanellach	villanella	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanellami	villanella	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanella	villanella	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanellą	villanella	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanelle	villanella	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanelle	villanella	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanelle	villanella	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanellę	villanella	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanelli	villanella	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.
villanelli	villanella	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanelli	villanella	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanelli	villanella	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanellom	villanella	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanello	villanella	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanell	villanella	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.
villanescach	villanesca	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanescami	villanesca	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanesca	villanesca	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanescą	villanesca	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanesce	villanesca	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanesce	villanesca	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanescę	villanesca	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanescom	villanesca	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanesco	villanesca	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villanesec	villanesca	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
villaneski	villanesca	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villaneski	villanesca	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
villaneski	villanesca	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
villaneski	villanesca	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vinach	vina	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vinami	vina	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vina	vina	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
viną	vina	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vinę	vina	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vinie	vina	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vinie	vina	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vinom	vina	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vino	vina	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vin	vina	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
viny	vina	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
viny	vina	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
viny	vina	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
viny	vina	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vinaigrette	vinaigrette	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vintage	vintage	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
violach	viola	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violami	viola	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
viola	viola	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violą	viola	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
viole	viola	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
viole	viola	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
viole	viola	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violę	viola	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violi	viola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.|hom.
violi	viola	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violi	viola	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violi	viola	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violom	viola	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
violo	viola	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	muz.
viol	viola	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	char.|muz.
vipowscy	vipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m1:pos		
vipowska	vipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:f:pos		
vipowską	vipowski	adj:sg:acc:f:pos		
vipowską	vipowski	adj:sg:inst:f:pos		
vipowskich	vipowski	adj:pl:acc:m1:pos		
vipowskich	vipowski	adj:pl:gen:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vipowskich	vipowski	adj:pl:loc:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vipowskiego	vipowski	adj:sg:acc:m1.m2:pos		
vipowskiego	vipowski	adj:sg:gen:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vipowskiej	vipowski	adj:sg:dat:f:pos		
vipowskiej	vipowski	adj:sg:gen:f:pos		
vipowskiej	vipowski	adj:sg:loc:f:pos		
vipowskiemu	vipowski	adj:sg:dat:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vipowskie	vipowski	adj:pl:acc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vipowskie	vipowski	adj:pl:nom.voc:m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vipowskie	vipowski	adj:sg:acc:n:pos		
vipowskie	vipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:n:pos		
vipowskimi	vipowski	adj:pl:inst:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vipowskim	vipowski	adj:pl:dat:m1.m2.m3.f.n:pos		
vipowskim	vipowski	adj:sg:inst:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vipowskim	vipowski	adj:sg:loc:m1.m2.m3.n:pos		
vipowski	vipowski	adj:sg:acc:m3:pos		
vipowski	vipowski	adj:sg:nom.voc:m1.m2.m3:pos		
vipowsko	vipowski	adja		
vipowsku	vipowski	adjp		
vipowsko	vipowsko	adv:pos		
vipowskościach	vipowskość	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskościami	vipowskość	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskością	vipowskość	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskościom	vipowskość	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskości	vipowskość	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskość	vipowskość	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vipowskość	vipowskość	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
virelai	virelai	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
virement	virement	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
visach	vis	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visami	vis	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visa	vis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visem	vis	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visie	vis	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visie	vis	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visom	vis	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visowi	vis	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visów	vis	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visu	vis	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vis	vis	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vis	vis	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visy	vis	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visy	vis	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
visy	vis	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:d	adv		
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:p	prep:gen		
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vis-à-vis	vis-à-vis:s	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivace	vivace	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivace	vivace	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	muz.
vivancie	vivant	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivancie	vivant	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivanci	vivant	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivanci	vivant	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivantach	vivant	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivantami	vivant	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivanta	vivant	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivanta	vivant	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivantem	vivant	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivantom	vivant	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivantowi	vivant	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivantów	vivant	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivantów	vivant	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivant	vivant	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vivanty	vivant	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vivanty	vivant	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
vivariach	vivarium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivariami	vivarium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivaria	vivarium	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivaria	vivarium	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivaria	vivarium	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivariom	vivarium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivariów	vivarium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivarium	vivarium	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivarium	vivarium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivarium	vivarium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivarium	vivarium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivarium	vivarium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivarium	vivarium	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivarium	vivarium	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vivat	vivat	interj		
viveurach	viveur	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurami	viveur	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveura	viveur	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveura	viveur	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurem	viveur	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurom	viveur	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurowie	viveur	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurowie	viveur	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurowi	viveur	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurów	viveur	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurów	viveur	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveur	viveur	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveury	viveur	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
viveury	viveur	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
viveurze	viveur	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurze	viveur	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurzy	viveur	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
viveurzy	viveur	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
vlepce	vlepka	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepce	vlepka	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepek	vlepka	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepkach	vlepka	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepkami	vlepka	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepka	vlepka	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepką	vlepka	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepkę	vlepka	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepki	vlepka	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepki	vlepka	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepki	vlepka	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepki	vlepka	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepkom	vlepka	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
vlepko	vlepka	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
vocativach	vocativus	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativami	vocativus	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativem	vocativus	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativie	vocativus	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativie	vocativus	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativom	vocativus	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativowi	vocativus	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativów	vocativus	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativus	vocativus	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativus	vocativus	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativu	vocativus	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativy	vocativus	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativy	vocativus	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vocativy	vocativus	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapükach	volapük	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapükami	volapük	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapükiem	volapük	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapüki	volapük	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapüki	volapük	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapüki	volapük	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapükom	volapük	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapükowi	volapük	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapüków	volapük	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapüku	volapük	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapüku	volapük	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapüku	volapük	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapük	volapük	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volapük	volapük	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
vol-au-vent	vol-au-vent	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	kulin.
volksdeutschach	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschami	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutscha	volksdeutsch	subst:sg:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutscha	volksdeutsch	subst:sg:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschem	volksdeutsch	subst:sg:inst:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutsche	volksdeutsch	depr:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutsche	volksdeutsch	depr:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutsche	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutsche	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschom	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschowi	volksdeutsch	subst:sg:dat:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschów	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschów	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschu	volksdeutsch	subst:sg:loc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschu	volksdeutsch	subst:sg:voc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutsch	volksdeutsch	subst:sg:nom:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschy	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:acc:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volksdeutschy	volksdeutsch	subst:pl:gen:m1	nazwa pospolita	
volkslistach	volkslista	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslistami	volkslista	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslista	volkslista	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslistą	volkslista	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslistę	volkslista	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslistom	volkslista	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslisto	volkslista	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslist	volkslista	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslisty	volkslista	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslisty	volkslista	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslisty	volkslista	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkslisty	volkslista	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
volksliście	volkslista	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
volksliście	volkslista	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenach	volkswagen	subst:pl:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenami	volkswagen	subst:pl:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagena	volkswagen	subst:sg:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagena	volkswagen	subst:sg:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenem	volkswagen	subst:sg:inst:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenie	volkswagen	subst:sg:loc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenie	volkswagen	subst:sg:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenom	volkswagen	subst:pl:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenowi	volkswagen	subst:sg:dat:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagenów	volkswagen	subst:pl:gen:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswagen	volkswagen	subst:sg:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswageny	volkswagen	subst:pl:acc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswageny	volkswagen	subst:pl:nom:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volkswageny	volkswagen	subst:pl:voc:m2	nazwa pospolita	
volleyach	volley	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleyami	volley	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleya	volley	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleyem	volley	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleye	volley	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleye	volley	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleye	volley	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleyom	volley	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleyowi	volley	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleyów	volley	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleyu	volley	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volleyu	volley	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volley	volley	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volley	volley	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volcie	volt	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volcie	volt	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voltach	volt	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voltami	volt	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volta	volt	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voltem	volt	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voltom	volt	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voltowi	volt	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voltów	volt	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volt	volt	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volt	volt	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volty	volt	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volty	volt	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volty	volt	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volcie	volta	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
volcie	volta	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
voltach	volta	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	
voltami	volta	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
volta	volta	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
voltą	volta	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	
voltę	volta	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
voltom	volta	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	
volto	volta	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volt	volta	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
volty	volta	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volty	volta	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	
volty	volta	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	
volty	volta	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	
volumenach	volumen	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenami	volumen	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenem	volumen	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenie	volumen	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenie	volumen	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenom	volumen	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenowi	volumen	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenów	volumen	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumenu	volumen	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumen	volumen	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumen	volumen	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumeny	volumen	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumeny	volumen	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
volumeny	volumen	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vol	volumen	brev:pun		
volvach	volvo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvami	volvo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volva	volvo	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volva	volvo	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volva	volvo	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volva	volvo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvem	volvo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvie	volvo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvom	volvo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvo	volvo	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volvu	volvo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
volv	volvo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitoriach	vomitorium	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitoriami	vomitorium	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitoria	vomitorium	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitoria	vomitorium	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitoria	vomitorium	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitoriom	vomitorium	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitoriów	vomitorium	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitorium	vomitorium	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitorium	vomitorium	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitorium	vomitorium	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitorium	vomitorium	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitorium	vomitorium	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitorium	vomitorium	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vomitorium	vomitorium	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
von	von	burk		
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voodoo	voodoo	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votach	votum	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votami	votum	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vota	votum	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vota	votum	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vota	votum	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votom	votum	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votów	votum	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votum	votum	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votum	votum	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votum	votum	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votum	votum	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votum	votum	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votum	votum	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
votum	votum	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
voucherach	voucher	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucherami	voucher	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vouchera	voucher	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucherem	voucher	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucherom	voucher	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucherowi	voucher	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucherów	voucher	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucher	voucher	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucher	voucher	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vouchery	voucher	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vouchery	voucher	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vouchery	voucher	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucherze	voucher	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
voucherze	voucher	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vouvray	vouvray	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vulgo	vulgo	qub		daw.
vw	vw	subst:pl:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:pl:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:acc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:acc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:dat:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:dat:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:gen:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:gen:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:inst:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:inst:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:loc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:loc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:nom:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:nom:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:voc:m3	nazwa pospolita	
vw	vw	subst:sg:voc:n:ncol	nazwa pospolita	
