x	ksiądz	brev:pun		
x	książę	brev:pun		
xantiach	xantia	subst:pl:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantiami	xantia	subst:pl:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantia	xantia	subst:sg:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantią	xantia	subst:sg:inst:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantie	xantia	subst:pl:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantie	xantia	subst:pl:nom:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantie	xantia	subst:pl:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantię	xantia	subst:sg:acc:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantii	xantia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	hom.|mot.
xantii	xantia	subst:sg:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantii	xantia	subst:sg:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantii	xantia	subst:sg:loc:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantiom	xantia	subst:pl:dat:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantio	xantia	subst:sg:voc:f	nazwa pospolita	mot.
xantyj	xantia	subst:pl:gen:f	nazwa pospolita	arch.|char.|mot.
xerach	xero	subst:pl:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xerami	xero	subst:pl:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xera	xero	subst:pl:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xera	xero	subst:pl:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xera	xero	subst:pl:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xera	xero	subst:sg:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xerem	xero	subst:sg:inst:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xerom	xero	subst:pl:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xero	xero	subst:sg:acc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xero	xero	subst:sg:nom:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xero	xero	subst:sg:voc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xeru	xero	subst:sg:dat:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xer	xero	subst:pl:gen:n2	nazwa pospolita	
xerze	xero	subst:sg:loc:n2	nazwa pospolita	
